Installed packages
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.2-3.fc42                        fedora
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:7.1.1.47-1.fc42                   updates
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.47-1.fc42                   updates
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.21.4-1.fc42                       updates
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.22.0-5.fc42                       fedora
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.22.0-5.fc42                       fedora
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.52.0-1.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.52.0-1.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.52.0-1.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-fortisslvpn.x86_64                    1.4.1-8.20231021gite201da5.fc42     fedora
NetworkManager-fortisslvpn-gnome.x86_64              1.4.1-8.20231021gite201da5.fc42     fedora
NetworkManager-iodine.x86_64                         1.2.0-24.fc42                       fedora
NetworkManager-iodine-gnome.x86_64                   1.2.0-24.fc42                       fedora
NetworkManager-l2tp.x86_64                           1.20.20-2.fc42                      fedora
NetworkManager-l2tp-gnome.x86_64                     1.20.20-2.fc42                      fedora
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.52.0-1.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                      1.2.24-2.fc42                       fedora
NetworkManager-libreswan-gnome.x86_64                1.2.24-2.fc42                       fedora
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.10-7.fc42                       fedora
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.10-7.fc42                       fedora
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.12.0-3.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.12.0-3.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.52.0-1.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.12-9.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.12-9.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                            1.4.1-2.fc42                        updates
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                      1.4.1-2.fc42                        updates
NetworkManager-ssh-selinux.x86_64                    1.4.1-2.fc42                        updates
NetworkManager-sstp.x86_64                           1:1.3.1-11.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-sstp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.3.1-11.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-strongswan.x86_64                     1.6.0-9.fc42                        fedora
NetworkManager-strongswan-gnome.x86_64               1.6.0-9.fc42                        fedora
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.52.0-1.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.4.0-3.fc42                      updates
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.4.0-3.fc42                      updates
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.52.0-1.fc42                     fedora
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.52.0-1.fc42                     fedora
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.8-9.fc42                        fedora
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.8-9.fc42                        fedora
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.8-9.fc42                        fedora
SDL3.x86_64                                          3.2.12-1.fc42                       updates
Thunar.x86_64                                        4.20.2-2.fc42                       fedora
Xaw3d.x86_64                                         1.6.6-3.fc42                        fedora
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.105-0.6.20210729git2a87ac6.fc42   fedora
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-14.fc42                       fedora
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-14.fc42                       fedora
abrt.x86_64                                          2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
accountsservice.x86_64                               23.13.9-8.fc42                      fedora
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          23.13.9-8.fc42                      fedora
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.2-3.fc42                        fedora
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.2-9.fc42                        fedora
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20231115-2.fc42                     fedora
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20231115-2.fc42                     fedora
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-9.fc42                     fedora
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.042.1.062.1.026-6.fc42            fedora
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          48.0-1.fc42                         fedora
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-22.fc42                        fedora
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            48.0-1.fc42                         fedora
adwaita-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                     46.2-3.fc42                         fedora
adwaita-mono-fonts.noarch                            48.2-2.fc42                         fedora
adwaita-sans-fonts.noarch                            48.2-2.fc42                         fedora
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.14-2.fc42                       updates
alsa-lib-devel.x86_64                                1.2.14-2.fc42                       updates
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2025.01.1-1.fc42                    updates
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.14-2.fc42                       updates
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.14-1.fc42                       updates
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.33-1.fc42                         updates
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20250509-1.fc42                     updates
amd-ucode-firmware.noarch                            20250509-1.fc42                     updates
aml.x86_64                                           0.3.0-7.fc42                        fedora
anaconda.x86_64                                      42.27.12-1.fc42                     fedora
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 42.27.12-1.fc42                     fedora
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  42.27.12-1.fc42                     fedora
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     42.27.12-1.fc42                     fedora
anaconda-live.noarch                                 42.27.12-1.fc42                     fedora
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  42.27.12-1.fc42                     fedora
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              42.27.12-1.fc42                     fedora
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20240502-10.fc42              fedora
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-41.fc42                        fedora
appstream.x86_64                                     1.0.4-2.fc42                        fedora
appstream-data.noarch                                42-7.fc42                           fedora
aribb24.x86_64                                       1.0.3^20160216git5e9be27-2.fc42     fedora
asunder.x86_64                                       3.0.1-6.fc42                        fedora
at.x86_64                                            3.2.5-14.fc42                       fedora
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.56.2-1.fc42                       updates
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.56.2-1.fc42                       updates
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20250509-1.fc42                     updates
atk.x86_64                                           2.56.2-1.fc42                       updates
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.4-3.fc42                       fedora
atmel-firmware.noarch                                1.3-34.fc42                         fedora
atril.x86_64                                         1.28.1-2.fc42                       fedora
atril-libs.x86_64                                    1.28.1-2.fc42                       fedora
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.2-5.fc42                        fedora
audit.x86_64                                         4.0.3-2.fc42                        fedora
audit-libs.x86_64                                    4.0.3-2.fc42                        fedora
audit-rules.x86_64                                   4.0.3-2.fc42                        fedora
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.14.2-0.4.20250324git4dffa3d.fc42  fedora
authselect.x86_64                                    1.5.1-1.fc42                        fedora
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.5.1-1.fc42                        fedora
autoconf.noarch                                      2.72-5.fc42                         fedora
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
automake.noarch                                      1.17-2.fc42                         fedora
avahi.x86_64                                         0.9~rc2-2.fc42                      fedora
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.9~rc2-2.fc42                      fedora
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.9~rc2-2.fc42                      fedora
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.9~rc2-2.fc42                      fedora
avif-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            1.1.1-1.fc42                        fedora
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-38.fc42                         fedora
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-45.fc42                         fedora
basesystem.noarch                                    11-22.fc42                          fedora
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.37-1.fc42                       fedora
bash-color-prompt.noarch                             0.5-3.fc42                          fedora
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.16-1.fc42                       fedora
bc.x86_64                                            1.08.1-2.fc42                       fedora
bcache-tools.x86_64                                  1.1-13.fc42                         fedora
biber.noarch                                         2.20-1.fc42                         fedora
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.36-1.fc42                   updates
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.36-1.fc42                   updates
binutils.x86_64                                      2.44-3.fc42                         fedora
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.44-3.fc42                         fedora
bison.x86_64                                         3.8.2-9.fc41                        fedora
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.12.1-3.fc42                     updates
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.6.0-4.fc42                        fedora
blueman.x86_64                                       1:2.4.4-2.fc42                      fedora
bluez.x86_64                                         5.81-2.fc42                         updates
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.81-2.fc42                         updates
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.81-2.fc42                         updates
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.81-2.fc42                         updates
boost.x86_64                                         1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-container.x86_64                               1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-context.x86_64                                 1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-contract.x86_64                                1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-coroutine.x86_64                               1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-devel.x86_64                                   1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-fiber.x86_64                                   1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-graph.x86_64                                   1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-json.x86_64                                    1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-log.x86_64                                     1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-math.x86_64                                    1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-nowide.x86_64                                  1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-numpy3.x86_64                                  1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-program-options.x86_64                         1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-python3.x86_64                                 1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-random.x86_64                                  1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-serialization.x86_64                           1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-stacktrace.x86_64                              1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-test.x86_64                                    1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-timer.x86_64                                   1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-type_erasure.x86_64                            1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
boost-wave.x86_64                                    1.83.0-12.fc42                      fedora
braille-printer-app.x86_64                           1:2.0~b0^386eea385f-8.fc42          fedora
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20250509-1.fc42                     updates
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.6-8.fc42                        fedora
brltty.x86_64                                        6.7-8.fc42                          fedora
brotli.x86_64                                        1.1.0-6.fc42                        fedora
brotli-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.0-6.fc42                        fedora
btop.x86_64                                          1.4.0-2.fc42                        fedora
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.14-1.fc42                         fedora
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.10.0-1.fc42                       fedora
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-20.fc42                       fedora
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.8-20.fc42                       fedora
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-20.fc42                       fedora
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.34.5-1.fc42                       updates
ca-certificates.noarch                               2024.2.69_v8.0.401-6.fc42           updates
cairo.x86_64                                         1.18.2-3.fc42                       fedora
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.18.2-3.fc42                       fedora
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.18.2-3.fc42                       fedora
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                           1.18.2-3.fc42                       fedora
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.5-8.fc42                       fedora
cairomm1.16.x86_64                                   1.18.0-8.fc42                       fedora
catfish.noarch                                       4.20.1-1.fc42                       updates
ccache.x86_64                                        4.10.2-2.fc42                       fedora
cdparanoia.x86_64                                    10.2-47.fc42                        fedora
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-47.fc42                        fedora
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.8-1.fc42                          fedora
chrony.x86_64                                        4.6.1-2.fc42                        fedora
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.2-1.fc42                          fedora
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.2-1.fc42                          fedora
cirrus-audio-firmware.noarch                         20250509-1.fc42                     updates
cjson.x86_64                                         1.7.18-2.fc42                       fedora
clang-libs.x86_64                                    20.1.6-1.fc42                       updates
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                     20.1.6-1.fc42                       updates
clang15-libs.x86_64                                  15.0.7-9.fc42                       fedora
clang15-resource-filesystem.x86_64                   15.0.7-9.fc42                       fedora
clang17-libs.x86_64                                  17.0.6-9.fc42                       fedora
clang17-resource-filesystem.x86_64                   17.0.6-9.fc42                       fedora
clang18-libs.x86_64                                  18.1.8-5.fc42                       fedora
clang18-resource-filesystem.x86_64                   18.1.8-5.fc42                       fedora
clang19-libs.x86_64                                  19.1.7-13.fc42                      updates
clang19-resource-filesystem.x86_64                   19.1.7-13.fc42                      updates
claws-mail.x86_64                                    4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-archive.x86_64                    4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-att-remover.x86_64                4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-attachwarner.x86_64               4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-fetchinfo.x86_64                  4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-mailmbox.x86_64                   4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-newmail.x86_64                    4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-notification.x86_64               4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-pgp.x86_64                        4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-rssyl.x86_64                      4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-smime.x86_64                      4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-spam-report.x86_64                4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-tnef.x86_64                       4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
claws-mail-plugins-vcalendar.x86_64                  4.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:47-1.fc42                         fedora
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:47-1.fc42                         fedora
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-51.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc42 fedora
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-51.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc42 fedora
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-16.fc42                      fedora
cmake.x86_64                                         3.31.6-2.fc42                       fedora
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.31.6-2.fc42                       fedora
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.31.6-2.fc42                       fedora
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.31.6-2.fc42                       fedora
codec2.x86_64                                        1.2.0-6.fc42                        fedora
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-14.fc42                      updates
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-35.fc42                           fedora
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.7-6.fc42                        fedora
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.7-6.fc42                        fedora
compface.x86_64                                      1.5.2-42.fc42                       fedora
compiler-rt18.x86_64                                 18.1.8-4.fc42                       fedora
compiler-rt19.x86_64                                 19.1.7-13.fc42                      updates
composefs.x86_64                                     1.0.8-2.fc42                        fedora
composefs-libs.x86_64                                1.0.8-2.fc42                        fedora
comps-extras.noarch                                  24-19.fc42                          fedora
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5^git20250123.d79eacf-12.fc42     fedora
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.6-4.fc42                          updates
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.6-4.fc42                          updates
cpio.x86_64                                          2.15-4.fc42                         fedora
cpp.x86_64                                           15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
cpuinfo.x86_64                                       24.09.26-2.git1e83a2f.fc42.1        updates
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.11-7.fc42                       fedora
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.11-7.fc42                       fedora
cronie.x86_64                                        1.7.2-6.fc42                        fedora
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.7.2-6.fc42                        fedora
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11^20190603git9e74f2d-5.fc42      fedora
crypto-policies.noarch                               20250214-1.gitff7551b.fc42          fedora
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20250214-1.gitff7551b.fc42          fedora
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.7.5-2.fc42                        fedora
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.7.5-2.fc42                        fedora
ctags.x86_64                                         6.1.0-2.fc42                        fedora
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.12-3.fc42                     updates
cups-browsed.x86_64                                  1:2.1.1-4.fc42                      updates
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.12-3.fc42                     updates
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.12-3.fc42                     updates
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1:2.0.1-5.fc42                      updates
cups-filters-driverless.x86_64                       1:2.0.1-5.fc42                      updates
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.12-3.fc42                     updates
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.12-3.fc42                     updates
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-9.fc42                        fedora
curl.x86_64                                          8.11.1-4.fc42                       fedora
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      81-1.fc42                           updates
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-30.fc42                      fedora
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-30.fc42                      fedora
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                                2.1.28-30.fc42                      fedora
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-30.fc42                      fedora
cyrus-sasl-scram.x86_64                              2.1.28-30.fc42                      fedora
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   81-1.fc42                           updates
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.16.0-3.fc42                     fedora
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   36-5.fc42                           fedora
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.16.0-3.fc42                     fedora
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.16.0-3.fc42                     fedora
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.112-9.fc41                        fedora
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.16.0-3.fc42                     fedora
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.16.0-3.fc42                     fedora
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.16.0-3.fc42                     fedora
dbusmenu-qt.x86_64                                   0.9.3-0.36.20160218.fc42            fedora
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-15.fc42                      fedora
default-editor.noarch                                8.3-3.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-am.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ar.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-as.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ast.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-be.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-bg.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-bn.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-bo.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-br.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-chr.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-cjk-mono.noarch                        4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-cjk-sans.noarch                        4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-cjk-serif.noarch                       4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-core-emoji.noarch                      4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-core-math.noarch                       4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-core-mono.noarch                       4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-core-sans.noarch                       4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-core-serif.noarch                      4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-dv.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-dz.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-el.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-eo.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-eu.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-fa.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-got.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-gu.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-he.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-hi.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-hy.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ia.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-iu.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ka.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-kab.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-km.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-kn.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ku.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-lo.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-mai.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ml.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-mni.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-mr.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-my.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-nb.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ne.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-nn.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-nqo.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-nr.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-nso.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-or.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-other-mono.noarch                      4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-other-sans.noarch                      4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-other-serif.noarch                     4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-pa.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ru.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-sat.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-si.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ss.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-syr.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ta.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-te.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-th.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-tn.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ts.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-uk.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ur.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-ve.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-vi.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-xh.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-yi.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
default-fonts-zu.noarch                              4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.37-25.fc42                        fedora
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                        2.37-25.fc42                        fedora
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.5-2.fc42                        fedora
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                    42.0.0-2.fc42                       fedora
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.28-1.fc42                         fedora
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.204-3.fc42                     fedora
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.204-3.fc42                     fedora
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.204-3.fc42                     fedora
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.204-3.fc42                     fedora
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 1.1.0-3.fc42                        fedora
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-16.P1.fc42                 fedora
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-16.P1.fc42                 fedora
dia.x86_64                                           1:0.97.3-29.fc42                    fedora
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.12-1.fc42                         updates
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-13.fc42                      fedora
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.6-6.fc42                        fedora
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.23.0-1.fc42                       fedora
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.10.1-1.fc42                       fedora
dnf5.x86_64                                          5.2.13.1-1.fc42                     updates
dnf5-plugins.x86_64                                  5.2.13.1-1.fc42                     updates
dnf5daemon-server.x86_64                             5.2.13.1-1.fc42                     updates
dnfdaemon.noarch                                     0.3.22-5.fc42                       fedora
dnfdaemon-selinux.noarch                             0.3.22-5.fc42                       fedora
dnfdragora.noarch                                    2.99.0^git20250421.1.2f707ee-1.fc42 updates
dnfdragora-updater.noarch                            2.99.0^git20250421.1.2f707ee-1.fc42 updates
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.90-6.fc42                         updates
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.5.2-3.fc42                        fedora
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-15.fc42                         fedora
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.4.1-4.fc42                        fedora
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
doxygen.x86_64                                       2:1.13.2-4.fc42                     fedora
dracut.x86_64                                        105-3.fc42                          updates
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          105-3.fc42                          updates
dracut-live.x86_64                                   105-3.fc42                          updates
dracut-network.x86_64                                105-3.fc42                          updates
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 105-3.fc42                          updates
duktape.x86_64                                       2.7.0-9.fc42                        fedora
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.47.2-3.fc42                       fedora
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.47.2-3.fc42                       fedora
ed.x86_64                                            1.21-2.fc42                         fedora
efi-filesystem.noarch                                6-3.fc42                            updates
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-9.fc42                           fedora
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   39-8.fc42                           fedora
eigen3-devel.noarch                                  3.4.0-17.fc42                       fedora
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.193-2.fc42                        updates
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.193-2.fc42                        updates
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.193-2.fc42                        updates
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.193-2.fc42                        updates
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.193-2.fc42                        updates
emacs.x86_64                                         1:30.1-11.fc42                      updates
emacs-common.x86_64                                  1:30.1-11.fc42                      updates
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:30.0-4.fc42                       fedora
emacs-gtk+x11.x86_64                                 1:30.1-11.fc42                      updates
emacs-lucid.x86_64                                   1:30.1-11.fc42                      updates
emacsclient.x86_64                                   1:30.1-11.fc42                      updates
enchant.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-39.fc42                     fedora
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.8.2-5.fc42                        fedora
epstool.x86_64                                       3.08-31.fc42                        fedora
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-10.fc42                      fedora
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.14-2.fc42                       updates
evince.x86_64                                        48.0-2.fc42                         updates
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   48.0-2.fc42                         updates
evince-libs.x86_64                                   48.0-2.fc42                         updates
evince-previewer.x86_64                              48.0-2.fc42                         updates
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            48.0-2.fc42                         updates
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.4-7.fc42                        fedora
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.9-1.fc42                        updates
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.28.5-1.fc42                       fedora
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.28.5-1.fc42                       fedora
exo.x86_64                                           4.20.0-2.fc42                       fedora
expat.x86_64                                         2.7.1-1.fc42                        fedora
f2fs-tools.x86_64                                    1.16.0-8.fc42                       fedora
f38-backgrounds-base.noarch                          38.1.1-7.fc42                       fedora
f39-backgrounds-base.noarch                          39.0.5-5.fc42                       fedora
f40-backgrounds-base.noarch                          40.2.0-3.fc42                       fedora
f41-backgrounds-base.noarch                          41.0.2-1.fc42                       fedora
f42-backgrounds-base.noarch                          42.0.0-3.fc42                       fedora
farstream02.x86_64                                   0.2.9-17.fc42                       fedora
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-15.fc42                       fedora
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               42-1                                fedora
fedora-logos.noarch                                  42.0.1-1.fc42                       fedora
fedora-release-common.noarch                         42-26                               updates
fedora-release-identity-xfce.noarch                  42-26                               updates
fedora-release-xfce.noarch                           42-26                               updates
fedora-repos.noarch                                  42-1                                fedora
ffmpeg-free.x86_64                                   7.1.1-3.fc42                        fedora
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-15.fc42                      fedora
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                              3.3.10-15.fc42                      fedora
file.x86_64                                          5.46-3.fc42                         updates
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.46-3.fc42                         updates
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-42.fc42                        updates
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.10.0-5.fc42                     fedora
firefox.x86_64                                       139.0-1.fc42                        updates
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                             139.0-1.fc42                        updates
firewall-config.noarch                               2.3.0-5.fc42                        updates
firewalld.noarch                                     2.3.0-5.fc42                        updates
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          2.3.0-5.fc42                        updates
flac.x86_64                                          1.4.3-6.fc42                        fedora
flac-devel.x86_64                                    1.4.3-6.fc42                        fedora
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.3-6.fc42                        fedora
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.4.0-2.fc42                        fedora
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.16.1-1.fc42                       updates
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-19.fc42                       fedora
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.4.5-1.fc42                        fedora
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.4.5-1.fc42                        fedora
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                            3.4.5-1.fc42                        fedora
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.4.5-1.fc42                        fedora
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                   3.4.5-1.fc42                        fedora
flexiblas-openblas-serial.x86_64                     3.4.5-1.fc42                        fedora
flexiblas-openblas-serial64.x86_64                   3.4.5-1.fc42                        fedora
flexiblas-openblas-threads.x86_64                    3.4.5-1.fc42                        fedora
flexiblas-openblas-threads64.x86_64                  3.4.5-1.fc42                        fedora
flite.x86_64                                         2.2-11.fc42                         fedora
fmt.x86_64                                           11.1.4-1.fc42                       fedora
fontawesome4-fonts.noarch                            1:4.7.0-24.fc42                     fedora
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.16.0-2.fc42                       fedora
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.16.0-2.fc42                       fedora
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-22.fc42                     updates
fpaste.noarch                                        0.5.0.0-2.fc42                      fedora
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.5-1.fc42                       updates
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.5-1.fc42                       updates
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.6.0-4.fc42                        fedora
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:3.12.0-1.fc42                     fedora
freerdp2-libs.x86_64                                 2.11.7-7.fc42                       fedora
freetype.x86_64                                      2.13.3-2.fc42                       fedora
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.13.3-2.fc42                       fedora
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.16-2.fc42                       fedora
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.16-2.fc42                       fedora
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-12.fc42                       fedora
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-23.fc42                       fedora
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.16.2-5.fc42                       fedora
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-23.fc42                       fedora
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.16.2-5.fc42                       fedora
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.16.2-5.fc42                       fedora
fwupd.x86_64                                         2.0.11-1.fc42                       updates
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.6-5.fc42                          fedora
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         2.0.11-1.fc42                       updates
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    2.0.11-1.fc42                       updates
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                2.0.11-1.fc42                       updates
galculator.x86_64                                    2.1.4-21.fc41                       fedora
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-17.fc42                       fedora
garcon.x86_64                                        4.20.0-2.fc42                       fedora
gawk.x86_64                                          5.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.3.1-1.fc42                        fedora
gc.x86_64                                            8.2.6-4.fc42                        fedora
gcc.x86_64                                           15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                  15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      4.4.0.1-1.fc42                      fedora
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-10.fc42                      fedora
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-10.fc42                      fedora
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-18.fc42                       fedora
gdb.x86_64                                           16.3-1.fc42                         updates
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  16.3-1.fc42                         updates
gdbm.x86_64                                          1:1.23-9.fc42                       fedora
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-9.fc42                       fedora
gdisk.x86_64                                         1.0.10-3.fc42                       fedora
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.12-10.fc42                     fedora
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                             2.42.12-10.fc42                     fedora
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.12-10.fc42                     fedora
gdk-pixbuf2-modules-extra.x86_64                     2.42.12-3.fc42                      fedora
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-17.fc42                       fedora
geany.x86_64                                         2.0-6.fc42                          fedora
geany-libgeany.x86_64                                2.0-6.fc42                          fedora
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.7.2-2.fc42                        fedora
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-14.fc42                    fedora
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-14.fc42                    fedora
gettext.x86_64                                       0.23.1-2.fc42                       fedora
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.23.1-2.fc42                       fedora
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.23.1-2.fc42                       fedora
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.23.1-2.fc42                       fedora
gfs2-utils.x86_64                                    3.5.1-7.fc42                        fedora
ghostscript.x86_64                                   10.05.1-3.fc42                      updates
ghostscript-tools-fonts.noarch                       10.05.1-3.fc42                      updates
ghostscript-tools-printing.noarch                    10.05.1-3.fc42                      updates
gi-docgen-fonts.noarch                               2025.3-1.fc42                       fedora
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.2-6.fc42                        updates
git.x86_64                                           2.49.0-1.fc42                       fedora
git-core.x86_64                                      2.49.0-1.fc42                       fedora
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.49.0-1.fc42                       fedora
gl-manpages.noarch                                   1.1-33.20190306.fc42                fedora
gl2ps.x86_64                                         1.4.2-13.fc42                       fedora
gl2ps-devel.x86_64                                   1.4.2-13.fc42                       fedora
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.80.1-1.fc42                       fedora
glib2.x86_64                                         2.84.2-1.fc42                       updates
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.84.2-1.fc42                       updates
glibc.x86_64                                         2.41-5.fc42                         updates
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.41-5.fc42                         updates
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.41-5.fc42                         updates
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.41-5.fc42                         updates
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.41-5.fc42                         updates
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.41-5.fc42                         updates
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.8-1.fc42                       fedora
glibmm2.68.x86_64                                    2.83.1-1.fc42                       fedora
glx-utils.x86_64                                     9.0.0-9.fc42                        fedora
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.3.0-4.fc42                      fedora
gmp-c++.x86_64                                       1:6.3.0-4.fc42                      fedora
gmp-devel.x86_64                                     1:6.3.0-4.fc42                      fedora
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1:1.4.3-4.fc42                      fedora
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                44.1-3.fc42                         fedora
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            46.1-2.fc42                         fedora
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                              3.12.0-25.fc42                      fedora
gnome-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                       3.12.0-25.fc42                      fedora
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 48.0-1.fc42                         fedora
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             48.0-1.fc42                         fedora
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-22.fc42                        fedora
gnumeric.x86_64                                      1:1.12.57-2.fc42                    fedora
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.4.7-2.fc42                        fedora
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.4.7-2.fc42                        fedora
gnuplot.x86_64                                       6.0.1-5.fc42                        fedora
gnuplot-common.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.fc42                        fedora
gnuplot-latex.noarch                                 6.0.1-5.fc42                        fedora
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.9-3.fc42                        fedora
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.9-3.fc42                        fedora
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.84.0-1.fc42                       fedora
goffice.x86_64                                       0.10.57-2.fc42                      fedora
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.26.20130920.fc42            fedora
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1:1.002-0.20.20130214.fc42          fedora
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-22.fc42                    fedora
google-noto-color-emoji-fonts.noarch                 20241008-2.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch             20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-9.fc42                      fedora
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch          20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-gothic-fonts.noarch                 20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch            20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch             20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-meetei-mayek-vf-fonts.noarch        20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch            1:2.004-9.fc42                      fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-nko-fonts.noarch                    20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-vf-fonts.noarch            20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch               20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-symbols-2-fonts.noarch              20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch             20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-syriac-vf-fonts.noarch              20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch               20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch              20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch           20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch            20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                1:2.003-2.fc42                      fedora
google-noto-serif-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch         20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch           20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch           20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch           20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch             20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch            20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch              20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch              20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch              20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch             20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch               20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20250301-1.fc42                     fedora
google-roboto-slab-fonts.noarch                      1.100263-0.25.20150923git.fc42      fedora
gparted.x86_64                                       1.7.0-1.fc42                        fedora
gperf.x86_64                                         3.1-21.fc42                         fedora
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.24.2-1.fc42                       fedora
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.24.2-1.fc42                       fedora
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-51.fc42                      fedora
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-10.fc42                      fedora
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-18.fc42                      fedora
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.14-18.fc42                      fedora
graphviz.x86_64                                      12.2.1-8.fc42                       updates
graphviz-libs.x86_64                                 12.2.1-8.fc42                       updates
grep.x86_64                                          3.11-10.fc42                        fedora
greybird-dark-theme.noarch                           3.23.4-2.fc42                       fedora
greybird-light-theme.noarch                          3.23.4-2.fc42                       fedora
greybird-xfce4-notifyd-theme.noarch                  3.23.4-2.fc42                       fedora
greybird-xfwm4-theme.noarch                          3.23.4-2.fc42                       fedora
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.16-8.fc42                       fedora
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.23.0-8.fc42                       fedora
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.12-28.fc42                      fedora
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-82.fc42                        fedora
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     48.0-1.fc42                         fedora
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-8.fc42                       fedora
gspell.x86_64                                        1.14.0-3.fc42                       fedora
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.6.3-5.fc42                        fedora
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.2-8.fc42                        fedora
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.26.2-1.fc42                       updates
gstreamer1-plugin-dav1d.x86_64                       0.13.6-1.fc42                       updates
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.26.2-1.fc42                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.26.2-1.fc42                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-libs.x86_64              1.26.2-1.fc42                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.26.2-1.fc42                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.26.2-1.fc42                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.26.2-1.fc42                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.26.2-1.fc42                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt6.x86_64                   1.26.2-1.fc42                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.26.2-1.fc42                       updates
gtk-layer-shell.x86_64                               0.9.2-1.fc42                        updates
gtk-murrine-engine.x86_64                            0.98.2-32.fc42                      fedora
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.49-2.fc42                      fedora
gtk-xfce-engine.x86_64                               3.2.0-23.fc42                       fedora
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-19.fc41                     fedora
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                             2.24.33-19.fc41                     fedora
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.49-2.fc42                      fedora
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                             3.24.49-2.fc42                      fedora
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.18.5-1.fc42                       updates
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.10-1.fc42                      fedora
gtkmm4.0.x86_64                                      4.18.0-1.fc42                       fedora
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-9.fc42                        fedora
gtkspell.x86_64                                      2.0.16-32.fc42                      fedora
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-50.20121130.fc42              fedora
guile22.x86_64                                       2.2.7-16.fc42                       fedora
guile30.x86_64                                       3.0.9-4.fc42                        fedora
gumbo-parser.x86_64                                  1:0.12.1-3.fc42                     fedora
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.6.8-1.fc42                        fedora
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.6.0-6.fc42                        fedora
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.5-5.fc42                        updates
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.5-5.fc42                        updates
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.5-5.fc42                        updates
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.57.2-1.fc42                       updates
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.57.2-1.fc42                       updates
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.57.2-1.fc42                       updates
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.57.2-1.fc42                       updates
gzip.x86_64                                          1.13-3.fc42                         fedora
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      10.4.0-1.fc42                       fedora
harfbuzz-cairo.x86_64                                10.4.0-1.fc42                       fedora
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                10.4.0-1.fc42                       fedora
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  10.4.0-1.fc42                       fedora
hdf5.x86_64                                          1.14.6-3.fc42                       fedora
hdf5-devel.x86_64                                    1.14.6-3.fc42                       fedora
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-34.fc42                fedora
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-20.fc42                        fedora
hidapi.x86_64                                        0.15.0-1.fc42                       updates
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-22.fc42                        fedora
highway.x86_64                                       1.2.0-5.fc42                        fedora
hiredis.x86_64                                       1.2.0-6.fc42                        fedora
hostname.x86_64                                      3.25-2.fc42                         fedora
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.2-9.fc42                        fedora
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-11.fc42                  fedora
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-11.fc42                  fedora
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-11.fc42                  fedora
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.2-9.fc42                        fedora
hwdata.noarch                                        0.396-1.fc42                        updates
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                6.10-1.fc42                         fedora
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        6.10-1.fc42                         fedora
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  6.10-1.fc42                         fedora
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    6.10-1.fc42                         fedora
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    6.10-1.fc42                         fedora
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-26.fc42                       fedora
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-26.fc42                       fedora
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.32-1.fc42                       updates
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.17-1.fc42                       fedora
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.17-1.fc42                       fedora
ibus-chewing.x86_64                                  2.1.4-1.fc42                        fedora
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.32-1.fc42                       updates
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.32-1.fc42                       updates
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                     1.5.32-1.fc42                       updates
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.5-8.fc42                        fedora
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.16.3-1.fc42                       updates
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.32-1.fc42                       updates
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.3-3.fc42                       fedora
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.36-1.fc42                       updates
ibus-panel.x86_64                                    1.5.32-1.fc42                       updates
ibus-qt.x86_64                                       1.3.4-14.fc42                       fedora
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.32-1.fc42                       updates
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.27.63-1.fc42                      updates
ibus-xinit.noarch                                    1.5.32-1.fc42                       updates
iceauth.x86_64                                       1.0.10-2.fc42                       fedora
icoutils.x86_64                                      0.32.3-17.fc41                      fedora
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-13.fc42                       fedora
im-chooser.x86_64                                    1.7.5-3.fc42                        fedora
im-chooser-common.x86_64                             1.7.5-3.fc42                        fedora
im-chooser-xfce.x86_64                               1.7.5-3.fc42                        fedora
ima-evm-utils-libs.x86_64                            1.6.2-4.fc42                        fedora
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.12-2.fc42                       fedora
imsettings.x86_64                                    1.8.10-2.fc42                       fedora
imsettings-gsettings.x86_64                          1.8.10-2.fc42                       fedora
imsettings-libs.x86_64                               1.8.10-2.fc42                       fedora
info.x86_64                                          7.2-3.fc42                          fedora
inih.x86_64                                          58-3.fc42                           fedora
inih-cpp.x86_64                                      58-3.fc42                           fedora
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.2.5-2.fc42                        fedora
initial-setup.x86_64                                 0.3.101-2.fc42                      fedora
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                             0.3.101-2.fc42                      fedora
initial-setup-gui-wayland-generic.x86_64             0.3.101-2.fc42                      fedora
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.26-3.fc42                        fedora
intel-audio-firmware.noarch                          20250509-1.fc42                     updates
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                  22.7.2-1.fc42                       updates
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20250509-1.fc42                     updates
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                23.2.2-7.fc42                       fedora
intel-vpl-gpu-rt.x86_64                              25.1.3-1.fc42                       updates
iodine-client.x86_64                                 0.8.0-7.fc42                        fedora
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.3-11.fc42                       fedora
ipp-usb.x86_64                                       0.9.30-3.fc42                       updates
iproute.x86_64                                       6.12.0-3.fc42                       fedora
ipset.x86_64                                         7.22-2.fc42                         fedora
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.22-2.fc42                         fedora
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.11-8.fc42                       updates
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.11-8.fc42                       updates
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-8.fc42                        fedora
iputils.x86_64                                       20240905-4.fc42                     updates
irqbalance.x86_64                                    2:1.9.4-6.fc42                      fedora
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.11-0.git4b3e853.fc42          updates
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.11-0.git4b3e853.fc42          updates
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.103-2.fc42                        fedora
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.17.0-2.fc42                       fedora
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.5-3.fc42                      fedora
iw.x86_64                                            6.9-3.fc42                          fedora
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                             20250509-1.fc42                     updates
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                          20250509-1.fc42                     updates
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                          20250509-1.fc42                     updates
jansson.x86_64                                       2.14-2.fc42                         fedora
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.3-3.fc42                        fedora
java-21-openjdk.x86_64                               1:21.0.7.0.6-1.fc42                 updates
java-21-openjdk-devel.x86_64                         1:21.0.7.0.6-1.fc42                 updates
java-21-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:21.0.7.0.6-1.fc42                 updates
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.4.0-5.fc42                        fedora
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                          2.47.2-3.fc42                       fedora
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.48.3-1.fc42                       updates
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.20-6.fc42                         fedora
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-31.fc42                         fedora
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-11.fc42                       fedora
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-43.fc42                       fedora
jq.x86_64                                            1.7.1-11.fc42                       fedora
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.7.1-5.fc42                        fedora
json-c.x86_64                                        0.18-2.fc42                         fedora
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.10.6-2.fc42                       fedora
jsoncpp.x86_64                                       1.9.6-1.fc42                        fedora
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.11.1-2.fc42                     fedora
jxrlib.x86_64                                        1.1-30.fc42                         fedora
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-48.fc42                         fedora
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-48.fc42                         fedora
kbd.x86_64                                           2.7.1-3.fc42                        fedora
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.7.1-3.fc42                        fedora
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.7.1-3.fc42                        fedora
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                5-5.fc42                            fedora
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-13.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc42      fedora
kdump-utils.x86_64                                   1.0.54-1.fc42                       updates
kernel.x86_64                                        6.14.6-300.fc42                     updates
kernel.x86_64                                        6.14.8-300.fc42                     updates
kernel.x86_64                                        6.14.9-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.14.6-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.14.8-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.14.9-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.14.3-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.14.6-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.14.8-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.14.9-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.14.6-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.14.8-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.14.9-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.14.6-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.14.8-300.fc42                     updates
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.14.9-300.fc42                     updates
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.31-2.fc42                       updates
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-20.fc42                       fedora
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.3-5.fc42                        fedora
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.3-5.fc42                        fedora
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                           1.6.3-5.fc42                        fedora
kf6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.14.0-1.fc42                       updates
kf6-karchive.x86_64                                  6.14.0-2.fc42                       updates
kf6-kimageformats.x86_64                             6.14.0-1.fc42                       updates
kmod.x86_64                                          33-3.fc42                           fedora
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     33-3.fc42                           fedora
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.10.0-5.fc42                       fedora
krb5-devel.x86_64                                    1.21.3-5.fc42                       fedora
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.21.3-5.fc42                       fedora
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                             1.2.80-7.fc42                       fedora
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.17-7.fc42                         fedora
ladspa-rubberband-plugins.x86_64                     4.0.0-3.fc42                        fedora
lame.x86_64                                          3.100-19.fc42                       fedora
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-19.fc42                       fedora
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
langpacks-en.noarch                                  4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
langpacks-fonts-en.noarch                            4.2-4.fc42                          fedora
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.68-4.fc42                       fedora
lasem.x86_64                                         0.6.0-2.fc42                        fedora
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-16.fc42                       fedora
lato-fonts.noarch                                    2.015-23.fc42                       fedora
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.16-5.fc42                         fedora
ldns.x86_64                                          1.8.4-2.fc42                        fedora
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.85.0-2.fc42                       fedora
less.x86_64                                          668-2.fc42                          fedora
libICE.x86_64                                        1.1.2-2.fc42                        fedora
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.5-2.fc42                        fedora
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.11-1.fc42                       fedora
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.11-1.fc42                       fedora
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.11-1.fc42                       fedora
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.11-1.fc42                       fedora
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.4-5.fc42                        fedora
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.12-2.fc42                       fedora
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.12-2.fc42                       fedora
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.16-3.fc42                       fedora
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.6-5.fc42                        fedora
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.3-2.fc42                        fedora
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.6-5.fc42                        fedora
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.5-3.fc42                        fedora
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.6-3.fc42                        fedora
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.6-3.fc42                        fedora
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.1-5.fc42                        fedora
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.7-2.fc42                        fedora
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.8-8.fc42                        fedora
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.8-8.fc42                        fedora
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8.2-2.fc42                        fedora
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.5-8.fc42                        fedora
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.2.1-3.fc42                        fedora
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.17-5.fc42                       fedora
libXpresent.x86_64                                   1.0.0-23.fc42                       fedora
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.4-5.fc42                        fedora
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.12-2.fc42                       fedora
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.12-2.fc42                       fedora
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.2-5.fc42                        fedora
libXt.x86_64                                         1.3.1-2.fc42                        fedora
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.5-2.fc42                        fedora
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.13-2.fc42                       fedora
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.13-7.fc42                       fedora
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.6-2.fc42                        fedora
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-50.fc42                       fedora
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-17.fc42                       fedora
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.2-3.fc42                        fedora
libacl-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.2-3.fc42                        fedora
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.7.4-1.fc42                        updates
libaec.x86_64                                        1.1.3-2.fc42                        fedora
libaec-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.3-2.fc42                        fedora
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-21.fc42                     fedora
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-29.fc42                       fedora
libaom.x86_64                                        3.12.0-1.fc42                       fedora
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-8.fc42                      fedora
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.8.3-3.fc42                        fedora
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.7.7-4.fc42                        fedora
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-7.fc42                     fedora
libaribcaption.x86_64                                1.1.1-2.fc42                        fedora
libart_lgpl.x86_64                                   2.3.21-35.fc42                      fedora
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.3-3.fc42                       fedora
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.7-3.fc42                        fedora
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-30.fc42                         fedora
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-30.fc42                        fedora
libatomic.x86_64                                     15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.2-5.fc42                        fedora
libattr-devel.x86_64                                 2.5.2-5.fc42                        fedora
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-25.fc42                       fedora
libavcodec-free.x86_64                               7.1.1-3.fc42                        fedora
libavdevice-free.x86_64                              7.1.1-3.fc42                        fedora
libavfilter-free.x86_64                              7.1.1-3.fc42                        fedora
libavformat-free.x86_64                              7.1.1-3.fc42                        fedora
libavif.x86_64                                       1.1.1-1.fc42                        fedora
libavutil-free.x86_64                                7.1.1-3.fc42                        fedora
libayatana-appindicator-gtk3.x86_64                  0.5.94-2.fc42                       fedora
libayatana-ido-gtk3.x86_64                           0.10.4-3.fc42                       fedora
libayatana-indicator-gtk3.x86_64                     0.9.4-6.fc42                        fedora
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-13.fc42                      fedora
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.11-10.fc42                      fedora
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-58.fc42                       fedora
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
libblockdev.x86_64                                   3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-nvme.x86_64                              3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-smart.x86_64                             3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-smartmontools.x86_64                     3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-tools.x86_64                             3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-9.fc42                        fedora
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.5.0-2.fc42                      fedora
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.1.0-6.fc42                        fedora
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-35.fc42                       fedora
libburn.x86_64                                       1.5.6-6.fc42                        fedora
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.11-100.fc42                       fedora
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.76.beta20.fc42               fedora
libcamera.x86_64                                     0.4.0-4.fc42                        fedora
libcamera-ipa.x86_64                                 0.4.0-4.fc42                        fedora
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-37.fc42                        fedora
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-37.fc42                        fedora
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-37.fc42                        fedora
libcap.x86_64                                        2.73-2.fc42                         fedora
libcap-devel.x86_64                                  2.73-2.fc42                         fedora
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.5-4.fc42                        fedora
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.5-4.fc42                        fedora
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.11.0-3.fc42                       fedora
libcddb.x86_64                                       1.3.2-45.fc42                       fedora
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-14.fc42                       fedora
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.2-4.fc42                   fedora
libcerf.x86_64                                       2.4-1.fc42                          updates
libchewing.x86_64                                    0.9.1-2.fc42                        fedora
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-24.fc42                       fedora
libclastfm.x86_64                                    0.5-0.28.20120314git968af0ab.fc42   fedora
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.6-1.fc42                        fedora
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.6.2-7.fc42                        fedora
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-58.fc42                       fedora
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.47.2-3.fc42                       fedora
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                              1.47.2-3.fc42                       fedora
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.21-5.fc42                       fedora
libcue.x86_64                                        2.3.0-11.fc42                       fedora
libcupsfilters.x86_64                                1:2.1.1-1.fc42                      fedora
libcurl.x86_64                                       8.11.1-4.fc42                       fedora
libcurl-devel.x86_64                                 8.11.1-4.fc42                       fedora
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-31.fc42                        fedora
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-11.fc42                      fedora
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                               0.2.13-11.fc42                      fedora
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.5.1-1.fc42                        fedora
libdav1d-devel.x86_64                                1.5.1-1.fc42                        fedora
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-64.fc42                      fedora
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-29.fc42                     fedora
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-29.fc42                     fedora
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.7-7.fc42                        fedora
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.2.3-5.fc42                        updates
libdeflate.x86_64                                    1.24-1.fc42                         updates
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-58.fc42                       fedora
libdisplay-info.x86_64                               0.2.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.74.0-1.fc42                       fedora
libdnf5.x86_64                                       5.2.13.1-1.fc42                     updates
libdnf5-cli.x86_64                                   5.2.13.1-1.fc42                     updates
libdnf5-plugin-expired-pgp-keys.x86_64               5.2.13.1-1.fc42                     updates
libdovi.x86_64                                       3.3.1-2.fc42                        fedora
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.124-2.fc42                      fedora
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                  2.4.124-2.fc42                      fedora
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-10.fc42                       fedora
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-9.fc42                        fedora
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-38.fc42                       fedora
libebur128.x86_64                                    1.2.6-12.fc42                       fedora
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.7.6-1.fc42                        fedora
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-55.20250104cvs.fc42             fedora
libei.x86_64                                         1.4.1-1.fc42                        updates
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-33.fc42                        fedora
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-9.fc42                       fedora
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-20.fc42                       fedora
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-13.fc42                     fedora
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-13.fc42                     fedora
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-13.fc42                     fedora
libertas-firmware.noarch                             20250509-1.fc42                     updates
libestr.x86_64                                       0.1.11-11.fc42                      fedora
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.12-6.fc42                       fedora
libetpan.x86_64                                      1.9.4-17.fc42                       fedora
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-13.fc42                        fedora
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.4-1.fc42                       fedora
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-15.fc42                      fedora
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.25-1.fc42                       fedora
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-11.fc42                       fedora
libfastjson.x86_64                                   1.2304.0-6.fc42                     fedora
libfbclient2.x86_64                                  4.0.4.3010-6.fc42                   fedora
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.6-5.fc42                        fedora
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.6-5.fc42                        fedora
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.15.0-3.fc42                       fedora
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.8-3.fc42                        fedora
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.9-1.fc42                       fedora
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.6-2.fc42                          fedora
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-17.fc42                         fedora
libgadu.x86_64                                       1.12.2-29.fc42                      fedora
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.6-8.fc42                          fedora
libgcc.x86_64                                        15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
libgccjit.x86_64                                     15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.11.0-5.fc42                       fedora
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.5-1.fc42                       updates
libgfortran.x86_64                                   15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.7.0-7.fc42                      fedora
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.7.0-7.fc42                      fedora
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.7.0-7.fc42                      fedora
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-7.fc42                      fedora
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.7.0-7.fc42                      fedora
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-7.fc42                      fedora
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.7.0-7.fc42                      fedora
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.28.1-7.fc42                       fedora
libgomp.x86_64                                       15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.51-2.fc42                         fedora
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-22.fc42                       fedora
libgs.x86_64                                         10.05.1-3.fc42                      updates
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.53-3.fc42                      fedora
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.41.3-3.fc42                       fedora
libgudev.x86_64                                      238-7.fc42                          fedora
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.9-3.fc42                        fedora
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-10.fc42                       fedora
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.3-4.fc42                        fedora
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.2.0-1.fc42                        updates
libheif.x86_64                                       1.19.8-1.fc42                       updates
libibverbs.x86_64                                    55.0-1.fc42                         fedora
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.20-1.fc42                       fedora
libicu.x86_64                                        76.1-4.fc42                         fedora
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  76.1-4.fc42                         fedora
libidn.x86_64                                        1.42-5.fc42                         fedora
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.8-1.fc42                        fedora
libidn2-devel.x86_64                                 2.3.8-1.fc42                        fedora
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-37.fc42                       fedora
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-24.fc42                        fedora
libimagequant.x86_64                                 4.0.3-7.fc42                        fedora
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0^20240916gited9703d-5.fc42     fedora
libimobiledevice-glue.x86_64                         1.3.1-2.fc42                        fedora
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-58.fc42                       fedora
libinput.x86_64                                      1.28.1-1.fc42                       updates
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
libipt.x86_64                                        2.1.2-1.fc42                        fedora
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-21.fc42                       fedora
libisofs.x86_64                                      1.5.6-6.fc42                        fedora
libjaylink.x86_64                                    0.3.0-8.fc42                        fedora
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.2.3-1.fc42                        fedora
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 3.1.0-2.fc42                        fedora
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                           3.1.0-2.fc42                        fedora
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.11.1-2.fc42                     fedora
libkadm5.x86_64                                      1.21.3-5.fc42                       fedora
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.5.0-5.fc42                        fedora
libkcapi-hasher.x86_64                               1.5.0-5.fc42                        fedora
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.5.0-5.fc42                        fedora
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.7-3.fc42                        fedora
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.7-5.fc42                        fedora
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.7-5.fc42                        fedora
liblc3.x86_64                                        1.1.3-1.fc42                        fedora
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-17.fc42                     fedora
libldb.x86_64                                        2:4.22.2-1.fc42                     updates
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-8.fc42                        fedora
liblerc-devel.x86_64                                 4.0.0-8.fc42                        fedora
liblockfile.x86_64                                   1.17-10.fc42                        fedora
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.33.0-2.fc42                       updates
liblouis-tables.noarch                               3.33.0-2.fc42                       updates
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.12.0-6.fc42                       updates
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.12.0-6.fc42                       updates
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-25.fc41                       fedora
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.12-1.fc42                       updates
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.12.2-3.fc42                       fedora
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.30.0-5.fc42                       fedora
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.30.0-5.fc42                       fedora
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-23.fc42                       fedora
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-7.fc42                        fedora
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-27.fc42                   fedora
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.15.1-1.fc42                       updates
libmount.x86_64                                      2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
libmount-devel.x86_64                                2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
libmousepad0.x86_64                                  0.6.5-1.fc42                        updates
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-7.fc42                        fedora
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-31.fc42                       fedora
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.14.alpha.fc42              fedora
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-9.fc42                       fedora
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.22-6.fc42                       fedora
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.3.3-2.fc42                        fedora
libnatpmp.x86_64                                     20230423-7.fc42                     fedora
libndp.x86_64                                        1.9-3.fc42                          fedora
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.9-8.fc42                        fedora
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-30.fc42                       fedora
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.8.3-1.rc2.fc42                  updates
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.8-4.fc42                        fedora
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.64.0-3.fc42                       fedora
libnghttp2-devel.x86_64                              1.64.0-3.fc42                       fedora
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.22-5.fc42                       fedora
libnice-gstreamer1.x86_64                            0.1.22-5.fc42                       fedora
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.11.0-3.fc42                       fedora
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.11.0-3.fc42                       fedora
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.6-9.fc42                       fedora
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.10.6-9.fc42                       fedora
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.6-1.fc42                        updates
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.1-3.fc42                        fedora
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-8.fc42                       fedora
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.13-1.fc42                         updates
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-26.fc42                       fedora
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-14.fc42                       fedora
liboeffis.x86_64                                     1.4.1-1.fc42                        updates
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-11.fc42                     fedora
libogg-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.3.5-11.fc42                     fedora
libomp18.x86_64                                      18.1.8-3.fc42                       fedora
libomp18-devel.x86_64                                18.1.8-3.fc42                       fedora
libomp19.x86_64                                      19.1.7-13.fc42                      updates
libomp19-devel.x86_64                                19.1.7-13.fc42                      updates
libopenjph.x86_64                                    0.21.2-2.fc42                       updates
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.7.13-3.fc42                       fedora
libopusenc.x86_64                                    0.2.1-16.fc42                       fedora
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.20.1-1.fc42                       updates
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.12.0-2.fc42                       fedora
libotf.x86_64                                        0.9.16-6.fc42                       fedora
libpaper.x86_64                                      1:2.1.1-8.fc42                      fedora
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.3-6.fc42                        fedora
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-58.fc42                       fedora
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.5-2.fc42                    fedora
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-15.fc42                        fedora
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                            0.16-15.fc42                        fedora
libpeas.x86_64                                       2.0.7-1.fc42                        fedora
libpeas1.x86_64                                      1.36.0-8.fc42                       fedora
libpeas1-gtk.x86_64                                  1.36.0-8.fc42                       fedora
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.10.2-1.fc42                       updates
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.10.2-1.fc42                       updates
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.8-2.fc42                        fedora
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    2.3.0-2.fc42                        fedora
libplacebo.x86_64                                    7.349.0-5.fc42                      fedora
libplist.x86_64                                      2.6.0-2.fc42                        fedora
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.44-2.fc42                     fedora
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.44-2.fc42                     fedora
libpostproc-free.x86_64                              7.1.1-3.fc42                        fedora
libppd.x86_64                                        1:2.1.1-1.fc42                      fedora
libpq.x86_64                                         16.4-2.fc42                         fedora
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.5.8-2.fc42                        fedora
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.12-2.fc42                       fedora
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.5-5.fc42                       fedora
libpsl-devel.x86_64                                  0.21.5-5.fc42                       fedora
libpurple.x86_64                                     2.14.13-5.fc42                      fedora
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-12.fc42                       fedora
libqhull.x86_64                                      1:8.0.2-6.fc42                      fedora
libqhull_p.x86_64                                    1:8.0.2-6.fc42                      fedora
libqhull_r.x86_64                                    1:8.0.2-6.fc42                      fedora
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.34.0-7.fc42                       fedora
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.34.0-7.fc42                       fedora
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-7.fc42                        fedora
libquadmath.x86_64                                   15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                             15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.15.0-2.fc42                       fedora
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.10.1-2.fc42                       fedora
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-23.fc42                       fedora
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-58.fc42                       fedora
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:25.2.3.2-1.fc42                   updates
librepo.x86_64                                       1.19.0-3.fc42                       fedora
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
libreswan.x86_64                                     5.2-1.fc42                          fedora
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-9.fc42                        fedora
librist.x86_64                                       0.2.7-9.fc42                        fedora
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.60.0-1.fc42                       fedora
librsvg2-devel.x86_64                                2.60.0-1.fc42                       fedora
librsvg2-tools.x86_64                                2.60.0-1.fc42                       fedora
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-10.fc42                       fedora
libsass.x86_64                                       3.6.6-4.fc42                        fedora
libsbc.x86_64                                        2.0-6.fc42                          fedora
libseat.x86_64                                       0.9.1-2.fc42                        fedora
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.5-2.fc41                        fedora
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.21.7-1.fc42                       fedora
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.8-2.fc42                          updates
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              3.8-2.fc42                          updates
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.8-2.fc42                          updates
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.8.1-2.fc42                        updates
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.8-1.fc42                          fedora
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                3.8-1.fc42                          fedora
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2025.2-1.fc42                       updates
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-8.fc42                        fedora
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.12.1-5.fc42                       fedora
libsigc++30.x86_64                                   3.6.0-5.fc42                        fedora
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.14-10.fc42                        fedora
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.22.2-1.fc42                     updates
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.2.2-8.fc42                        fedora
libsndfile-devel.x86_64                              1.2.2-8.fc42                        fedora
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.20-4.fc42                       fedora
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.32-4.fc42                       updates
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-8.fc42                       fedora
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.6.5-1.fc42                        fedora
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.12-9.fc42                       fedora
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.6.0-2.fc42                        fedora
libss.x86_64                                         1.47.2-3.fc42                       fedora
libssh.x86_64                                        0.11.1-4.fc42                       fedora
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.11.1-4.fc42                       fedora
libssh-devel.x86_64                                  0.11.1-4.fc42                       fedora
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-15.fc42                       fedora
libstdc++.x86_64                                     15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               15.1.1-2.fc42                       updates
libstemmer.x86_64                                    2.2.0-15.fc42                       fedora
libswresample-free.x86_64                            7.1.1-3.fc42                        fedora
libswscale-free.x86_64                               7.1.1-3.fc42                        fedora
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.4.3-2.fc42                        fedora
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.20.0-1.fc42                       fedora
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.13-2.fc42                       fedora
libteam.x86_64                                       1.32-11.fc42                        fedora
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.16.2-2.fc42                       fedora
libtextstyle.x86_64                                  0.23.1-2.fc42                       fedora
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-10.fc42                      fedora
libthai-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.29-10.fc42                      fedora
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-39.fc42                     fedora
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.7.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                 4.7.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.3-6.fc42                      fedora
libtinysparql.x86_64                                 3.9.2-1.fc42                        updates
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.6-1.rc3.fc42.2                  fedora
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.3.1~rc1-5.fc42                    fedora
libtool.x86_64                                       2.5.4-4.fc42                        fedora
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.5.4-4.fc42                        fedora
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                0.25.2-8.fc42                       fedora
libtree-sitter-java.x86_64                           0.23.5-1.fc42                       fedora
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-11.fc42                       fedora
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.10.90-2.fc42                      fedora
libunibreak.x86_64                                   6.1-3.fc42                          fedora
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.1-9.fc42                          fedora
libunistring1.0.x86_64                               1.0-6.fc42                          fedora
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.8.1-2.fc42                        fedora
liburing.x86_64                                      2.9-1.fc42                          fedora
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.28-2.fc42                       fedora
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.1.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libuser.x86_64                                       0.64-12.fc42                        fedora
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-17.fc42                       fedora
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.51.0-1.fc42                     updates
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.28.1-3.fc42                       fedora
libva.x86_64                                         2.22.0-4.fc42                       fedora
libva-intel-media-driver.x86_64                      25.1.4-1.fc42                       fedora
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-9.fc42                          fedora
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-10.fc42                       fedora
libverto-devel.x86_64                                0.3.2-10.fc42                       fedora
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-10.fc42                       fedora
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.1-5.fc41                      fedora
libvmaf.x86_64                                       3.0.0-3.fc42                        fedora
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-12.fc42                     fedora
libvorbis-devel.x86_64                               1:1.3.7-12.fc42                     fedora
libvpl.x86_64                                        1:2.14.0-2.fc42                     fedora
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.15.0-3.fc42                       updates
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.15.0-1.fc42                       fedora
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.15.0-1.fc42                       fedora
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.23.1-1.fc42                       updates
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.23.1-1.fc42                       updates
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.23.1-1.fc42                       updates
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.23.1-1.fc42                       updates
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.22.2-1.fc42                     updates
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.5.0-2.fc42                        fedora
libwebp-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.0-2.fc42                        fedora
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:3.12.0-1.fc42                     fedora
libwinpr2.x86_64                                     2.11.7-7.fc42                       fedora
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.13-7.fc42                       fedora
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.2-1.fc42                         fedora
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-22.fc42                      fedora
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.4-5.fc42                        fedora
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.14-5.fc42                       fedora
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.17.0-5.fc42                       fedora
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.17.0-5.fc42                       fedora
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.38-7.fc42                       updates
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                              4.4.38-7.fc42                       updates
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.38-7.fc42                       updates
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-9.fc42                        fedora
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                    4.20.1-1.fc42                       updates
libxfce4util.x86_64                                  4.20.1-1.fc42                       updates
libxfce4windowing.x86_64                             4.20.2-2.fc42                       updates
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.8.1-1.fc42                        fedora
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            1.8.1-1.fc42                        fedora
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.8.1-1.fc42                        fedora
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.3-3.fc42                        fedora
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-28.fc42                         fedora
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.12.10-1.fc42                      fedora
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.12.10-1.fc42                      fedora
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.22-1.fc42                       fedora
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3.2-6.fc42                        fedora
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.43-1.fc42                       fedora
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-16.fc42                       fedora
libytnef.x86_64                                      1:2.1.2-5.fc42                      fedora
libyui.x86_64                                        4.2.16-21.fc42                      fedora
libyui-gtk.x86_64                                    2.52.5-4.fc42                       fedora
libyui-mga.x86_64                                    1.2.1-10.fc42                       fedora
libyui-mga-gtk.x86_64                                1.2.0-14.fc42                       fedora
libyui-mga-ncurses.x86_64                            1.2.0-10.fc42                       fedora
libyui-mga-qt.x86_64                                 1.2.0-11.fc42                       fedora
libyui-ncurses.x86_64                                4.2.16-21.fc42                      fedora
libyui-qt.x86_64                                     4.2.16-21.fc42                      fedora
libyuv.x86_64                                        0-0.56.20240704git96bbdb5.fc42      fedora
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.10.2-1.fc42                       updates
libzip.x86_64                                        1.11.4-1.fc42                       updates
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.7-1.fc42                        fedora
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.7-1.fc42                        fedora
lightdm.x86_64                                       1.32.0-13.fc42                      fedora
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                               1.32.0-13.fc42                      fedora
lightdm-gtk.x86_64                                   2.0.8-13.fc42                       fedora
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.26-2.fc42                      fedora
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-44.fc42                       fedora
linux-firmware.noarch                                20250509-1.fc42                     updates
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20250509-1.fc42                     updates
livesys-scripts.noarch                               0.8.0-1.fc42                        fedora
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.20-2.fc42                       fedora
llvm-filesystem.x86_64                               20.1.6-1.fc42                       updates
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     20.1.6-1.fc42                       updates
llvm15-libs.x86_64                                   15.0.7-13.fc42                      fedora
llvm17-libs.x86_64                                   17.0.6-9.fc41                       fedora
llvm18-libs.x86_64                                   18.1.8-6.fc42                       fedora
llvm19-filesystem.x86_64                             19.1.7-13.fc42                      updates
llvm19-libs.x86_64                                   19.1.7-13.fc42                      updates
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-22.fc42                       fedora
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.33-3.fc42                       fedora
localsearch.x86_64                                   3.9.0-1.fc42                        fedora
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.51.20111007git.fc42         fedora
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.22.0-3.fc42                       fedora
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-24.fc42                      fedora
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-23.fc42                      fedora
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.5-13.fc42                      fedora
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-23.fc42                      fedora
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-21.fc42                       fedora
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                           2.94.2-23.fc42                      fedora
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-22.fc42                      fedora
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-24.fc42                      fedora
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-21.fc42                       fedora
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-12.fc42                         fedora
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                                  0.5-8.fc42                          fedora
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.11-8.fc42                     fedora
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-74.fc42                     fedora
lsof.x86_64                                          4.98.0-7.fc42                       fedora
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.8-4.fc42                       fedora
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.8-1.fc42                        updates
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.10-2.fc42                      fedora
lv2-rubberband-plugins.x86_64                        4.0.0-3.fc42                        fedora
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.30-3.fc42                      fedora
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.30-3.fc42                      fedora
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.30-3.fc42                      fedora
lyx-fonts.noarch                                     2.4.3-1.fc42                        updates
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.10.0-2.fc42                       fedora
lzip.x86_64                                          1.25-1.fc42                         fedora
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-14.fc42                        fedora
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.10-1.fc42                       updates
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.5-1.fc42                        fedora
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-12.fc42                      fedora
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-35.fc42                         fedora
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-40.fc42                       fedora
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.54-8.fc42                       fedora
make.x86_64                                          1:4.4.1-10.fc42                     fedora
makedumpfile.x86_64                                  1.7.7-1.fc42                        updates
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.13.0-2.fc42                       fedora
man-db.x86_64                                        2.13.0-2.fc42                       fedora
man-pages.noarch                                     6.9.1-3.fc42                        fedora
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.4.4-2.fc42                        fedora
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.4.4-2.fc42                        fedora
mate-desktop-libs.x86_64                             1.28.2-4.fc42                       fedora
mathjax.noarch                                       2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-ams-fonts.noarch                             2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-caligraphic-fonts.noarch                     2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-fraktur-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-main-fonts.noarch                            2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-math-fonts.noarch                            2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-sansserif-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-script-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-size1-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-size2-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-size3-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-size4-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-stixweb-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-typewriter-fonts.noarch                      2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-vector-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-winchrome-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mathjax-winie6-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-21.fc42                       fedora
mbedtls.x86_64                                       3.6.3-1.fc42                        fedora
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-12.fc42                       fedora
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.3-7.fc42                          fedora
meanwhile.x86_64                                     1.1.1-9.fc42                        fedora
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.5-6.fc42                        fedora
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              25.0.7-1.fc42                       updates
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               25.0.7-1.fc42                       updates
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   25.0.7-1.fc42                       updates
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                             25.0.7-1.fc42                       updates
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    25.0.7-1.fc42                       updates
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                              25.0.7-1.fc42                       updates
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.3-6.fc42                        fedora
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                             9.0.3-6.fc42                        fedora
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   25.0.7-1.fc42                       updates
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             25.0.7-1.fc42                       updates
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                               25.0.7-1.fc42                       updates
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           25.0.7-1.fc42                       updates
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-70.fc42                       updates
minicom.x86_64                                       2.9-4.fc42                          fedora
miniupnpc.x86_64                                     2.3.0-1.fc42                        fedora
mint-x-icons.noarch                                  1.7.2-2.fc42                        fedora
mint-y-icons.noarch                                  1.8.3-1.fc42                        updates
mint-y-theme.noarch                                  1:2.2.2-2.fc42                      fedora
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.3-2.fc42                        fedora
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.20-5.fc42                       fedora
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20240407-3.fc42                     fedora
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.7.1-5.fc42                      fedora
mousepad.x86_64                                      0.6.5-1.fc42                        updates
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-35.fc42                         fedora
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                              2.4.1-2.fc42                        fedora-cisco-openh264
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-22.fc42                       fedora
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     4.0.1-1.fc42                        updates
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.2.2-1.fc42                        fedora
mpfr-devel.x86_64                                    4.2.2-1.fc42                        fedora
mpg123-devel.x86_64                                  1.32.10-1.fc42                      updates
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.32.10-1.fc42                      updates
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20250509-1.fc42                     updates
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-10.fc42                       fedora
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.48-1.fc42                       fedora
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-12.fc42                      fedora
mupdf.x86_64                                         1.25.4-1.fc42                       fedora
mupdf-libs.x86_64                                    1.25.4-1.fc42                       fedora
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.5-8.fc42                        fedora
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-41.fc42                         fedora
nano.x86_64                                          8.3-3.fc42                          fedora
nano-default-editor.noarch                           8.3-3.fc42                          fedora
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.5-5.20250125.fc42                 fedora
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.5-5.20250125.fc42                 fedora
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                              6.5-5.20250125.fc42                 fedora
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                 6.5-5.20250125.fc42                 fedora
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.5-5.20250125.fc42                 fedora
ndctl.x86_64                                         81-1.fc42                           updates
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    81-1.fc42                           updates
neatvnc.x86_64                                       0.9.0-3.fc42                        fedora
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.73.20160912git.fc42           fedora
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.10.00-1.fc42                     updates
nettle.x86_64                                        3.10.1-1.fc42                       fedora
network-manager-applet.x86_64                        1.36.0-5.fc42                       fedora
newt.x86_64                                          0.52.25-1.fc42                      fedora
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.8.3-1.rc2.fc42                  updates
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.1.1-3.fc42                      fedora
nilfs-utils.x86_64                                   2.2.11-6.fc42                       fedora
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.36.0-5.fc42                       fedora
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     4:7.92-5.fc42                       fedora
npth.x86_64                                          1.8-2.fc42                          fedora
nspr.x86_64                                          4.36.0-8.fc42                       updates
nss.x86_64                                           3.111.0-2.fc42                      updates
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-25.fc42                      fedora
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.111.0-2.fc42                      updates
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.111.0-2.fc42                      updates
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.111.0-2.fc42                      updates
nss-tools.x86_64                                     3.111.0-2.fc42                      updates
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.111.0-2.fc42                      updates
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-8.fc42                  fedora
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-8.fc42                  fedora
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-18.fc42                         fedora
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-8.fc42                  fedora
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.19-2.fc42                       fedora
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20250509-1.fc42                     updates
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.13-1.fc42                         updates
nxpwireless-firmware.noarch                          20250509-1.fc42                     updates
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.3-1.fc42                        updates
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.10-2.fc42                       fedora
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-23.fc42                        fedora
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.5.2-1.fc42                       updates
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.5.2-1.fc42                       updates
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.24.2-2.fc42                       fedora
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openblas-devel.x86_64                                0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                             0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openblas-openmp64_.x86_64                            0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openblas-serial.x86_64                               0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openblas-serial64.x86_64                             0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openblas-serial64_.x86_64                            0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-19.fc42                           fedora
openblas-threads.x86_64                              0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openblas-threads64.x86_64                            0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openblas-threads64_.x86_64                           0.3.29-1.fc42                       fedora
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.12-7.fc42                         fedora
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-8.fc42                        fedora
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.2.4-3.fc41                        fedora
openfec.x86_64                                       1.4.2.6-6.fc42                      fedora
openfortivpn.x86_64                                  1.23.1-1.fc42                       fedora
openh264.x86_64                                      2.4.1-2.fc42                        fedora-cisco-openh264
openjpeg.x86_64                                      2.5.3-6.fc42                        fedora
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.9-3.fc42                        fedora
openpace.x86_64                                      1.1.3-3.fc42                        fedora
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.3.128-4.fc42                      fedora
opensc.x86_64                                        0.26.1-2.fc42                       fedora
opensc-libs.x86_64                                   0.26.1-2.fc42                       fedora
openspecfun.x86_64                                   0.5.3-23.fc42                       fedora
openssh.x86_64                                       9.9p1-11.fc42                       updates
openssh-askpass.x86_64                               9.9p1-11.fc42                       updates
openssh-clients.x86_64                               9.9p1-11.fc42                       updates
openssh-server.x86_64                                9.9p1-11.fc42                       updates
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.2.4-3.fc42                      fedora
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.2.4-3.fc42                      fedora
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.13-2.fc42                       fedora
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.6.14-1.fc42                       updates
opus.x86_64                                          1.5.2-2.fc42                        fedora
opus-devel.x86_64                                    1.5.2-2.fc42                        fedora
opus-tools.x86_64                                    0.2-17.fc42                         fedora
opusfile.x86_64                                      0.12-16.fc42                        fedora
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.41-1.fc42                       fedora
orca.noarch                                          48.1-1.fc42                         updates
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-9.fc42                         fedora
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20250124-1.fc42                     fedora
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.12.0-2.fc42                       fedora
ostree.x86_64                                        2025.2-2.fc42                       fedora
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2025.2-2.fc42                       fedora
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.25.5-5.fc42                       fedora
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.25.5-5.fc42                       fedora
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                 16.02-32.fc42                       fedora
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     7.0-2.20231228.fc42                 fedora
pam.x86_64                                           1.7.0-5.fc42                        updates
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.7.0-5.fc42                        updates
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.3-6.fc42                        fedora
pango.x86_64                                         1.56.3-1.fc42                       fedora
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.56.3-1.fc42                       fedora
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.4-3.fc42                       fedora
pangomm2.48.x86_64                                   2.56.1-1.fc42                       fedora
paps.x86_64                                          0.8.0-13.fc42                       fedora
parole.x86_64                                        4.18.2-2.fc42                       fedora
parted.x86_64                                        3.6-11.fc42                         fedora
passim.x86_64                                        0.1.10-1.fc42                       updates
passim-libs.x86_64                                   0.1.10-1.fc42                       updates
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.3-6.fc42                        fedora
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.3-6.fc42                        fedora
patch.x86_64                                         2.8-1.fc42                          updates
pavucontrol.x86_64                                   6.1-3.fc42                          fedora
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-17.fc42                         fedora
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.13.0-7.fc42                       fedora
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.13.0-7.fc42                       fedora
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc42.8                       fedora
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                      8.45-1.fc42.8                       fedora
pcre-devel.x86_64                                    8.45-1.fc42.8                       fedora
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                    8.45-1.fc42.8                       fedora
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                    8.45-1.fc42.8                       fedora
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.45-1.fc42                        fedora
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.45-1.fc42                        fedora
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.45-1.fc42                        fedora
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.45-1.fc42                        fedora
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.45-1.fc42                        fedora
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     2.3.1-2.fc42                        fedora
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.6.1-3.fc42                        fedora
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                2.3.1-2.fc42                        fedora
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                              2.1700-5.fc42                       fedora
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-517.fc42                       updates
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.89-517.fc42                       updates
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                       0.28-3.fc42                         fedora
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                            3.011-2.fc42                        fedora
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                       20250315.001-1.fc42                 fedora
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                            1.204-3.fc42                        fedora
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                            1.008-1.fc42                        fedora
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.54-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                           0.51-22.fc42                        fedora
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                   0.10-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                          1.36-18.fc42                        fedora
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                   2.15-6.fc42                         fedora
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                          1.6-13.fc42                         fedora
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.68-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                         1.19-37.fc42                        fedora
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.47-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.213-2.fc42                        fedora
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.213-2.fc42                        fedora
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                             0.34-5.fc42                         fedora
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                             1.29-6.fc42                         fedora
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.25-12.fc42                        fedora
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.189-513.fc42                      fedora
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.114-6.fc42                        fedora
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                              0.12-36.fc42                        fedora
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                             0.005-22.fc42                       fedora
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                               6.97-1.fc42                         fedora
perl-DateTime.x86_64                                 2:1.66-1.fc42                       fedora
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch                 0.107-10.fc42                       fedora
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch                  0.8300-15.fc42                      fedora
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch                 1:1.79-12.fc42                      fedora
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                          1.45-1.fc42                         updates
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                        2.65-1.fc42                         updates
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch                0.010-23.fc42                       fedora
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch                 0.011-23.fc42                       fedora
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                        0.009-8.fc42                        fedora
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                             2.07-8.fc42                         fedora
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                  0.14-26.fc42                        fedora
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                           0.05-39.fc42                        fedora
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                         1:2.05-5.fc42                       fedora
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.05-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.59-6.fc42                         fedora
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.04-513.fc42                     fedora
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                      0.11-32.fc42                        fedora
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.56-517.fc42                       updates
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                     0.004-6.fc42                        fedora
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                        1.008-6.fc42                        fedora
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.21-512.fc42                     fedora
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-31.fc42                        fedora
perl-English.noarch                                  1.11-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.38-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17030-1.fc42                    fedora
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                             0.14-25.fc42                        fedora
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                          1.45-12.fc42                        fedora
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.78-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                            1.006002-6.fc42                     fedora
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                        2:7.76-1.fc42                       updates
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.18-517.fc42                       updates
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.86-517.fc42                       updates
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.800-517.fc42                  updates
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.41-517.fc42                       updates
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.44-517.fc42                       updates
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                           0.34-30.fc42                        fedora
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.16-5.fc42                         fedora
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                            1.118-13.fc42                       fedora
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                             0.014-7.fc42                        fedora
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-512.fc42                fedora
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.14-517.fc42                       updates
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.05-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.64-513.fc42                     fedora
perl-GD.x86_64                                       2.83-3.fc42                         fedora
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                               2.00-6.fc42                         fedora
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                   0.28-48.fc42                        fedora
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.58-3.fc42                       fedora
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.14-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.49.0-1.fc42                       fedora
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.83-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.24-3.fc42                         fedora
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.11-5.fc42                         fedora
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.06-6.fc42                         fedora
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             7.00-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-40.fc42                        fedora
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.090-2.fc42                        fedora
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                      1.27-517.fc42                       updates
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                            0.45-517.fc42                       updates
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.24-517.fc42                       updates
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.55-517.fc42                       updates
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.213-3.fc42                        fedora
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli.x86_64                       0.004001-15.fc42                    fedora
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-14.fc42                       fedora
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.43-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.089-2.fc42                        fedora
perl-IO-String.noarch                                1.08-52.fc42                        fedora
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                  2:1.04-513.fc42                     fedora
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-517.fc42                       updates
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                                 0.049-3.fc42                        fedora
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                 2.09-513.fc42                       fedora
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.30-15.fc42                        fedora
perl-JSON.noarch                                     4.10-7.fc42                         fedora
perl-LDAP.noarch                                     1:0.68-15.fc42                      fedora
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-20.fc42                        fedora
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                       6.14-3.fc42                         fedora
perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints.x86_64                 0.012-9.fc42                        fedora
perl-Lexical-Var.x86_64                              0.010-8.fc42                        fedora
perl-Lingua-Translit.noarch                          0.29-9.fc42                         fedora
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                            0.19-14.fc42                        fedora
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                           0.430-13.fc42                       fedora
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                        0.430-16.fc42                       fedora
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                           0.59-7.fc42                         fedora
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                             0.12-11.fc42                        fedora
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.33-513.fc42                       fedora
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                   1:0.21-517.fc42                     updates
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                             2.71-6.fc42                         fedora
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch                  1.38-11.fc42                        fedora
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                             1.57-7.fc42                         fedora
perl-MIME-Base32.noarch                              1.303-23.fc42                       fedora
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                             1.013.1-7.fc42                      fedora
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                                3.033-14.fc42                       fedora
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                               2.27-1.fc42                         fedora
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.15-11.fc42                        fedora
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                              1:0.903-26.fc42                     fedora
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                            0.80-23.fc42                        fedora
perl-MailTools.noarch                                2.22-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:2.0040.01-1.fc42                  fedora
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.62-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                          1:5.20250421-1.fc42                 updates
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                    0.09-41.fc42                        fedora
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-512.fc42                     fedora
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                  0.74-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                          1.000038-512.fc42                   fedora
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                           0.016-24.fc42                       fedora
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20250202-1.fc42                     fedora
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.17-517.fc42                       updates
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-40.fc42                        fedora
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.23-6.fc42                         fedora
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                             1.04-26.fc42                        fedora
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.94-8.fc42                         fedora
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                           0.03-40.fc42                        fedora
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                   1.65-517.fc42                       updates
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.20-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-33.fc42                       fedora
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                            0.40-9.fc42                         fedora
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                         0.30-10.fc42                        fedora
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                                2.5-16.fc42                         fedora
perl-Params-Check.noarch                             1:0.38-512.fc42                     fedora
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                          0.015-25.fc42                       fedora
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.102-17.fc42                       fedora
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                          1.31-10.fc42                        fedora
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch                0.31-7.fc42                         fedora
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                         1.967015-24.fc42                    fedora
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.91-513.fc42                       fedora
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                       0.010-9.fc42                        fedora
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-512.fc42                     fedora
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                 1.35-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-513.fc42                    fedora
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.45-512.fc42                     fedora
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.05-1.fc42                       fedora
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                                 0.204-22.fc42                       fedora
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                              0.117-25.fc42                       fedora
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                            2024080801-2.fc42                   fedora
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                2.002004-13.fc42                    fedora
perl-Safe.noarch                                     2.46-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.69-1.fc42                       updates
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.038-512.fc42                    fedora
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                                 1.33-33.fc42                        fedora
perl-Specio.noarch                                   0.50-1.fc42                         fedora
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.32-512.fc42                     fedora
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.991-5.fc42                        fedora
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                 0.001013-26.fc42                    fedora
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                             0.14-29.fc42                        fedora
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.929-7.fc42                        fedora
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.25-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.36-513.fc42                       fedora
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-513.fc42                       fedora
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                            1.17-517.fc42                       updates
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-24.fc42                        fedora
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                            2.06-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                              0.91-1.fc42                         fedora
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                                 2.05-1.fc42                         fedora
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                0.11-25.fc42                        fedora
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                               3.5-30.fc42                         fedora
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                             3.05-33.fc42                        fedora
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2024.001-512.fc42                   fedora
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-26.fc42                        fedora
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.14-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-Tie.noarch                                      4.6-517.fc42                        updates
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                                1.229-2.fc42                        fedora
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                              1.41-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9777-512.fc42                   fedora
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.350-512.fc42                    fedora
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-16.fc42                      fedora
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.32-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.31-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                          1.31-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch                   12.0-16.fc42                        fedora
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                        2019.001-23.fc42                    fedora
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.32-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                              0.78-517.fc42                       updates
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                           0.64-4.fc42                         fedora
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-41.fc42                        fedora
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                               1:2.0210-4.fc42                     fedora
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                        1.01-17.fc42                        fedora
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                              2.003.000-3.fc42                    fedora
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                     1.12-25.fc42                        fedora
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.47-6.fc42                         fedora
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                  1.02-18.fc42                        fedora
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                             1.09-25.fc42                        fedora
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                               0.900-16.fc42                       fedora
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.48-8.fc42                         fedora
perl-XString.x86_64                                  0.005-15.fc42                       fedora
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.37-513.fc42                       fedora
perl-autovivification.x86_64                         0.18-25.fc42                        fedora
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-517.fc42                       updates
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-513.fc42                       fedora
perl-deprecate.noarch                                0.04-517.fc42                       updates
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-512.fc42                     fedora
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-517.fc42                   updates
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.40.2-517.fc42                   updates
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-517.fc42                       updates
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                             1.35-1.fc42                         fedora
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-513.fc42                       fedora
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.40.2-517.fc42                   updates
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.77-3.fc42                         fedora
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.12-517.fc42                       updates
perl-meta-notation.noarch                            5.40.2-517.fc42                     updates
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.29-517.fc42                       updates
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                      0.31-2.fc42                         fedora
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                          0.27-28.fc42                        fedora
perl-open.noarch                                     1.13-517.fc42                       updates
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.37-517.fc42                       updates
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-517.fc42                       updates
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.244-2.fc42                      fedora
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:6.0.2-3.fc42                      fedora
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                  1.10-517.fc42                       updates
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-517.fc42                       updates
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.40-512.fc42                     fedora
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.69-512.fc42                       fedora
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-517.fc42                       updates
perl-version.x86_64                                  9:0.99.33-2.fc42                    fedora
perltidy.noarch                                      20250311-1.fc42                     fedora
picosat-libs.x86_64                                  965-26.fc42                         updates
pidgin.x86_64                                        2.14.13-5.fc42                      fedora
pigz.x86_64                                          2.8-6.fc42                          fedora
pilot-link-libs.x86_64                               2:0.12.5-64.fc42                    fedora
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.3.1-3.fc42                        fedora
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.3.1-3.fc42                        fedora
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.13-8.fc42                       fedora
pipewire.x86_64                                      1.4.5-1.fc42                        updates
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 1.4.5-1.fc42                        updates
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            1.4.5-1.fc42                        updates
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64            1.4.5-1.fc42                        updates
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit-libs.x86_64       1.4.5-1.fc42                        updates
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 1.4.5-1.fc42                        updates
pipewire-plugin-libcamera.x86_64                     1.4.5-1.fc42                        updates
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           1.4.5-1.fc42                        updates
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                1.4.5-1.fc42                        updates
pixman.x86_64                                        0.44.2-2.fc42                       fedora
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.44.2-2.fc42                       fedora
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.30.0-3.fc42                       fedora
pkcs11-provider.x86_64                               1.0-1.fc42                          fedora
pkgconf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-2.fc42                        fedora
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    2.3.0-2.fc42                        fedora
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            2.3.0-2.fc42                        fedora
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.23-2.fc42                       fedora
plymouth.x86_64                                      24.004.60-18.fc42                   fedora
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            24.004.60-18.fc42                   fedora
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        24.004.60-18.fc42                   fedora
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         24.004.60-18.fc42                   fedora
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      24.004.60-18.fc42                   fedora
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              24.004.60-18.fc42                   fedora
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         24.004.60-18.fc42                   fedora
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        24.004.60-18.fc42                   fedora
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.8-1.fc42                          fedora
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.8-1.fc42                          fedora
polkit.x86_64                                        126-3.fc42                          updates
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   126-3.fc42                          updates
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-30.fc42                         fedora
poppler.x86_64                                       25.02.0-1.fc42                      fedora
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   25.02.0-1.fc42                      fedora
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-9.fc42                       fedora
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  25.02.0-1.fc42                      fedora
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 25.02.0-1.fc42                      fedora
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-8.fc42                         fedora
portaudio.x86_64                                     19.7.0-1.fc42                       fedora
portaudio-devel.x86_64                               19.7.0-1.fc42                       fedora
potrace.x86_64                                       1.16-14.fc42                        fedora
ppp.x86_64                                           2.5.1-5.fc42                        fedora
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-22.fc42                      fedora
pragha.x86_64                                        1.3.3-31.fc42                       fedora
prefixdevname.x86_64                                 0.2.0-6.fc42                        fedora
procps-ng.x86_64                                     4.0.4-6.fc42                        fedora
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.5.1-1.fc42                        updates
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-24.fc42                       fedora
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.7-5.fc42                         fedora
publicsuffix-list.noarch                             20250116-1.fc42                     fedora
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20250116-1.fc42                     fedora
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               17.0-5.fc42                         fedora
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         17.0-5.fc42                         fedora
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              17.0-5.fc42                         fedora
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              24.3.1-2.fc42                       fedora
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                       74.1.3-5.fc42                       fedora
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                            235-13.fc42                         fedora
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.13.3-2.fc42                       updates
python3.x86_64                                       3.13.3-2.fc42                       updates
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.17.6-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-antlr4-runtime.noarch                        4.13.2-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-appdirs.noarch                               1.4.4-26.fc42                       fedora
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           3.6.2-2.fc42                        updates
python3-audit.x86_64                                 4.0.3-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-15.fc42                       fedora
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.17.0-1.fc42                       fedora
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.13.4-1.fc42                       updates
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.12.1-3.fc42                     updates
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              3.3.0-3.fc42                        fedora
python3-boto3.noarch                                 1.38.31-1.fc42                      updates
python3-botocore.noarch                              1.38.31-1.fc42                      updates
python3-breathe.noarch                               4.35.0-12.fc41                      fedora
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.6-8.fc42                        fedora
python3-brotli.x86_64                                1.1.0-6.fc42                        fedora
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.11-100.fc42                       fedora
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.25.1-6.fc42                       fedora
python3-cairocffi.noarch                             1.7.1-1.fc42                        fedora
python3-cairosvg.noarch                              2.7.0-9.fc42                        fedora
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.17.1-2.fc42                       fedora
python3-chardet.noarch                               5.2.0-16.fc42                       fedora
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.4.1-3.fc42                        fedora
python3-contourpy.x86_64                             1.3.2-1.fc42                        updates
python3-crypt-r.x86_64                               3.13.1-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-cssselect2.noarch                            0.8.0-1.fc42                        fedora
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.4-4.fc42                        fedora
python3-cycler.noarch                                0.11.0-15.fc42                      fedora
python3-cython.x86_64                                3.0.12-1.fc42                       updates
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-9.fc42                          fedora
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-17.fc42                     fedora
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-9.fc42                        fedora
python3-dbus-next.noarch                             0.2.3-12.fc42                       fedora
python3-defusedxml.noarch                            0.7.1-18.fc42                       fedora
python3-devel.x86_64                                 3.13.3-2.fc42                       updates
python3-distro.noarch                                1.9.0-6.fc42                        fedora
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.23.0-1.fc42                       fedora
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.10.1-1.fc42                       fedora
python3-dnfdaemon.noarch                             0.3.22-5.fc42                       fedora
python3-docutils.noarch                              0.21.2-2.fc42                       fedora
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-15.fc42                       fedora
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.46-3.fc42                         updates
python3-firewall.noarch                              2.3.0-5.fc42                        updates
python3-fonttools.x86_64                             4.56.0-2.fc42                       fedora
python3-fs.noarch                                    2.4.16-10.fc42                      fedora
python3-gettext.noarch                               4.0-16.fc42                         fedora
python3-gmpy2.x86_64                                 2.2.1-3.fc42                        fedora
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.50.0-3.fc42                       fedora
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.50.0-3.fc42                       fedora
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.24.2-1.fc42                       fedora
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.74.0-1.fc42                       fedora
python3-humanize.noarch                              4.12.0-1.fc42                       fedora
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.10-2.fc42                         fedora
python3-imagesize.noarch                             1.4.1-10.fc42                       fedora
python3-iso639.noarch                                0.1.4-28.fc42                       fedora
python3-jinja2.noarch                                3.1.6-1.fc42                        fedora
python3-jmespath.noarch                              1.0.1-9.fc42                        fedora
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.62-1.fc42                         fedora
python3-kiwisolver.x86_64                            1.4.8-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.68-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.21-5.fc42                       fedora
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.74.0-1.fc42                       fedora
python3-libdnf5.x86_64                               5.2.13.1-1.fc42                     updates
python3-libmount.x86_64                              2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.15-5.fc42                      fedora
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.13.3-2.fc42                       updates
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.8-2.fc42                          updates
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.8.1-2.fc42                        updates
python3-libxml2.x86_64                               2.12.10-1.fc42                      fedora
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.33.0-2.fc42                       updates
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  5.3.2-1.fc42                        updates
python3-manatools.noarch                             0.0.4-12.fc42                       fedora
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            3.0.2-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-matplotlib.x86_64                            3.10.3-1.fc42                       updates
python3-matplotlib-data.noarch                       3.10.3-1.fc42                       updates
python3-matplotlib-data-fonts.noarch                 3.10.3-1.fc42                       updates
python3-matplotlib-tk.x86_64                         3.10.3-1.fc42                       updates
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.52-4.fc42                         fedora
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.52-4.fc42                         fedora
python3-mpmath.noarch                                1.3.0-12.fc42                       fedora
python3-munkres.noarch                               1.1.4-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-newt.x86_64                                  0.52.25-1.fc42                      fedora
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.1.1-3.fc42                      fedora
python3-numexpr.x86_64                               2.10.2-2.fc42                       fedora
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:2.2.6-1.fc42                      updates
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:2.2.6-1.fc42                      updates
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.47-6.fc42                         fedora
python3-packaging.noarch                             24.2-3.fc42                         fedora
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.9.0-8.fc42                        fedora
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-24.fc42                       fedora
python3-pillow.x86_64                                11.1.0-2.fc42                       fedora
python3-pillow-tk.x86_64                             11.1.0-2.fc42                       fedora
python3-pip.noarch                                   24.3.1-2.fc42                       fedora
python3-platformdirs.noarch                          4.2.2-4.fc42                        fedora
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-26.fc42                        fedora
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.8-1.fc42                          fedora
python3-pooch.noarch                                 1.8.2-5.fc42                        fedora
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.45-1.fc42                         updates
python3-psutil.x86_64                                6.1.1-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-10.fc42                       fedora
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-12.fc42                       fedora
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.1-6.fc42                       fedora
python3-pycosat.x86_64                               0.6.6-6.fc42                        fedora
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-19.fc42                        fedora
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.45.4-2.fc42                       fedora
python3-pyglet.noarch                                2.0.10-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.18.0-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             3.1.2-8.fc42                        fedora
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.13.0-8.fc42                     fedora
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-26.fc42                       fedora
python3-pystray.noarch                               0.17.3-15.fc42                      fedora
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.3-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-14.fc42                        fedora
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0.2-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-rapidfuzz.x86_64                             3.11.0-3.fc42                       fedora
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2024.11.6-1.fc42                    fedora
python3-requests.noarch                              2.32.3-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-requests-file.noarch                         2.0.0-5.fc42                        fedora
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-36.fc42                       fedora
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.20.1-1.fc42                       fedora
python3-rpmconf.noarch                               1.1.11-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-s3transfer.noarch                            0.13.0-2.fc42                       updates
python3-satyr.x86_64                                 0.43-5.fc42                         fedora
python3-scipy.x86_64                                 1.14.1-3.fc42                       fedora
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.5.1-6.fc42                        updates
python3-setuptools.noarch                            74.1.3-5.fc42                       fedora
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-16.fc42                       fedora
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-13.fc42                       fedora
python3-six.noarch                                   1.17.0-2.fc42                       fedora
python3-snowballstemmer.noarch                       2.2.0-15.fc42                       fedora
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.7-1.fc42                          updates
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.12.1-1.fc42                       updates
python3-sphinx.noarch                                1:8.1.3-2.fc42                      fedora
python3-sphinx-theme-alabaster.noarch                0.7.16-6.fc41                       fedora
python3-sphinx_rtd_theme.noarch                      3.0.2-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-sphinxcontrib-devhelp.noarch                 2.0.0-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp.noarch                2.1.0-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-sphinxcontrib-jquery.noarch                  4.1-10.fc42                         fedora
python3-sphinxcontrib-qthelp.noarch                  2.0.0-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml.noarch         2.0.0-3.fc42                        fedora
python3-sympy.x86_64                                 1.14.0-1.fc42                       updates
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-13.fc42                         fedora
python3-tinycss2.noarch                              1.4.0-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.13.3-2.fc42                       updates
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                     4.12.2-4.fc42                       fedora
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.22.0-14.fc42                      fedora
python3-urllib3.noarch                               2.3.0-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         2.3.0-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-webencodings.noarch                          0.5.1-28.fc42                       fedora
python3-xcffib.noarch                                1.6.2-2.fc42                        fedora
python3-xkbregistry.x86_64                           0.3-4.fc42                          fedora
python3-xlib.noarch                                  0.33-11.fc42                        fedora
python3-yui.x86_64                                   4.2.16-21.fc42                      fedora
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:9.2.4-1.fc42                      updates
qhull.x86_64                                         1:8.0.2-6.fc42                      fedora
qhull-devel.x86_64                                   1:8.0.2-6.fc42                      fedora
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     11.10.1-1.fc42                      fedora
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-10.fc42                       fedora
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                                2.14.1-4.fc42                       fedora
qscintilla-qt5-devel.x86_64                          2.14.1-4.fc42                       fedora
qscintilla-qt6.x86_64                                2.14.1-4.fc42                       fedora
qscintilla-qt6-devel.x86_64                          2.14.1-4.fc42                       fedora
qt.x86_64                                            1:4.8.7-80.fc42                     fedora
qt-common.noarch                                     1:4.8.7-80.fc42                     fedora
qt-settings.noarch                                   42.0-3.fc42                         fedora
qt-x11.x86_64                                        1:4.8.7-80.fc42                     fedora
qt5-designer.x86_64                                  5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-doctools.x86_64                                  5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-linguist.x86_64                                  5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                              5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                           5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qttools.x86_64                                   5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qttools-devel.x86_64                             5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.x86_64           5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                                5.15.17-1.fc42                      updates
qt6-designer.x86_64                                  6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-doctools.x86_64                                  6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-linguist.x86_64                                  6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                 6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qt5compat-devel.x86_64                           6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtbase-devel.x86_64                              6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtbase-ibase.x86_64                              6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                              6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtbase-odbc.x86_64                               6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtbase-postgresql.x86_64                         6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                             6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qttools.x86_64                                   6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qttools-common.noarch                            6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qttools-devel.x86_64                             6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qttools-libs-designercomponents.x86_64           6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qttranslations.noarch                            6.9.0-1.fc42                        updates
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.9.0-3.fc42                        updates
qt6-rpm-macros.noarch                                6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
qt6-srpm-macros.noarch                               6.9.0-2.fc42                        updates
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.09-8.fc42                       fedora
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-8.fc42                       fedora
rapidjson-devel.x86_64                               1.1.0-43.fc42                       fedora
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-47.fc42                      fedora
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-30.fc42                      fedora
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.1-5.fc42                        fedora
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-13.fc42                         fedora
readline-devel.x86_64                                8.2-13.fc42                         fedora
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-15.fc42                      fedora
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20250509-1.fc42                     updates
redhat-display-fonts.noarch                          4.1.0-1.fc42                        fedora
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-29.fc42                      fedora
redhat-text-fonts.noarch                             4.1.0-1.fc42                        fedora
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-39.fc42                      fedora
remove-retired-packages.noarch                       42.1-1.fc42                         fedora
rhash.x86_64                                         1.4.5-2.fc42                        fedora
ristretto.x86_64                                     0.13.4-1.fc42                       updates
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.6.2-2.fc42                        fedora
rit-rachana-fonts.noarch                             1.5.2-3.fc42                        fedora
roc-toolkit.x86_64                                   0.4.0-2.fc42                        fedora
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-38.fc42                         fedora
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.7-2.rc1.fc42                    updates
rpm.x86_64                                           4.20.1-1.fc42                       fedora
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.20.1-1.fc42                       fedora
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.20.1-1.fc42                       fedora
rpm-plugin-audit.x86_64                              4.20.1-1.fc42                       fedora
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.20.1-1.fc42                       fedora
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.20.1-1.fc42                       fedora
rpm-sequoia.x86_64                                   1.7.0-5.fc42                        fedora
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.20.1-1.fc42                       fedora
rpmconf.noarch                                       1.1.11-4.fc42                       fedora
rpmconf-base.noarch                                  1.1.11-4.fc42                       fedora
rsvg-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            2.60.0-1.fc42                       fedora
rsync.x86_64                                         3.4.1-3.fc42                        fedora
rsyslog.x86_64                                       8.2412.0-3.fc42                     fedora
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-66.fc42                        fedora
rubberband.x86_64                                    4.0.0-3.fc42                        fedora
rubberband-libs.x86_64                               4.0.0-3.fc42                        fedora
ruby.x86_64                                          3.4.2-23.fc42                       fedora
ruby-bundled-gems.x86_64                             3.4.2-23.fc42                       fedora
ruby-default-gems.noarch                             3.4.2-23.fc42                       fedora
ruby-libs.x86_64                                     3.4.2-23.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-addressable.noarch                           2.8.6-5.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                            3.1.8-23.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-bundler.noarch                               2.6.2-23.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-colorator.noarch                             1.1.0-19.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-concurrent-ruby.noarch                       1.3.5-1.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-em-websocket.noarch                          1:0.5.3-6.fc42                      fedora
rubygem-eventmachine.x86_64                          1.2.7-29.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-ffi.x86_64                                   1.17.0-3.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-forwardable-extended.noarch                  2.6.0-19.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-http_parser.rb.x86_64                        0.8.0-7.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-i18n.noarch                                  1.14.6-2.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                            0.8.0-23.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-irb.noarch                                   1.14.3-23.fc42                      fedora
rubygem-jekyll.noarch                                4.4.1-1.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-jekyll-feed.noarch                           0.17.0-7.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter.noarch                 2.2.0-9.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-jekyll-seo-tag.noarch                        2.8.0-9.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-jekyll-watch.noarch                          2.2.1-15.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-json.x86_64                                  2.10.2-1.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-kramdown.noarch                              2.5.1-2.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-kramdown-parser-gfm.noarch                   1.1.0-15.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-liquid.noarch                                4.0.4-2.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-listen.noarch                                3.7.1-7.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-mercenary.noarch                             0.4.0-11.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-minima.noarch                                2.5.2-2.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-pathutil.noarch                              0.14.0-18.fc42                      fedora
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                 5.2.2-23.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-public_suffix.noarch                         5.0.0-6.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-rb-inotify.noarch                            0.10.1-11.fc42                      fedora
rubygem-rbs.x86_64                                   3.8.0-23.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                  6.10.0-23.fc42                      fedora
rubygem-rexml.noarch                                 3.4.0-23.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-rouge.noarch                                 4.5.1-2.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-safe_yaml.noarch                             1.0.4-21.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-sassc.x86_64                                 2.4.0-15.fc42                       fedora
rubygem-terminal-table.noarch                        3.0.2-7.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-unicode-display_width.noarch                 2.6.0-2.fc42                        fedora
rubygem-webrick.noarch                               1.9.0-2.fc42                        fedora
rubygems.noarch                                      3.6.2-23.fc42                       fedora
rubypick.noarch                                      1.1.1-22.fc42                       fedora
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.22.2-1.fc42                     updates
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.22.2-1.fc42                     updates
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.22.2-1.fc42                     updates
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.22.2-1.fc42                     updates
satyr.x86_64                                         0.43-5.fc42                         fedora
sdbus-cpp.x86_64                                     1.5.0-4.fc42                        fedora
sdl2-compat.x86_64                                   2.32.56-1.fc42                      updates
seahorse.x86_64                                      47.0.1-2.fc42                       fedora
sed.x86_64                                           4.9-4.fc42                          fedora
selinux-policy.noarch                                41.43-1.fc42                        updates
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       41.43-1.fc42                        updates
serd.x86_64                                          0.32.4-1.fc42                       fedora
setroubleshoot.x86_64                                3.3.35-4.fc42                       fedora
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                        3.3.15-2.fc42                       fedora
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                         3.3.35-4.fc42                       fedora
setup.noarch                                         2.15.0-13.fc42                      fedora
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.4-5.fc42                        fedora
sgpio.x86_64                                         1.2.0.10-38.fc42                    fedora
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.17.4-1.fc42                     fedora
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.3-7.fc42                          fedora
sharutils.x86_64                                     4.15.2-29.fc42                      fedora
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.8-3                              updates
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.8-3                              updates
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-8.fc42                        fedora
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-12.fc42                       fedora
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-18.fc42                       fedora
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-7.fc42                        fedora
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:7.5-2.fc42                        updates
smartmontools-selinux.noarch                         1:7.5-2.fc42                        updates
snappy.x86_64                                        1.2.1-4.fc42                        fedora
sni-qt.x86_64                                        0.2.7-0.17.20170217.fc42            fedora
sombok.x86_64                                        2.4.0-23.fc42                       fedora
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.18-1.fc42                      fedora
sos.noarch                                           4.9.1-1.fc42                        updates
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-23.fc42                         fedora
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.3-2.fc42                        fedora
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-24.fc42                       fedora
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-18.fc42                       fedora
spdlog.x86_64                                        1.15.3-1.fc42                       updates
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.12.1-1.fc42                       updates
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.12.1-1.fc42                       updates
speech-dispatcher-libs.x86_64                        0.12.1-1.fc42                       updates
speech-dispatcher-utils.x86_64                       0.12.1-1.fc42                       updates
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-19.fc42                       fedora
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-8.fc42                        fedora
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-8.fc42                       fedora
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-11.fc42                         fedora
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2025.2-2.fc42                       updates
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.47.2-2.fc42                       fedora
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.47.2-2.fc42                       fedora
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.6.1-6.fc42                        fedora
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.18-1.fc42                       fedora
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.4-2.fc42                        fedora
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.09-10.fc42                        fedora
sssd.x86_64                                          2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.11.0-1.fc42                       updates
sstp-client.x86_64                                   1.0.18-9.fc42                       fedora
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-31.fc42                        fedora
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-8.fc42                     fedora
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-13.fc42                        fedora
strongswan.x86_64                                    5.9.14-5.fc41                       fedora
strongswan-charon-nm.x86_64                          5.9.14-5.fc41                       fedora
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.15-7.p5.fc42                    fedora
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.15-7.p5.fc42                    fedora
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  2.3.0-1.fc42                        fedora
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-12.fc42                         fedora
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                         48.0-1.fc42                         fedora
system-config-language.noarch                        3.5.0-16.fc42                       updates
system-config-printer.x86_64                         1.5.18-12.fc42                      fedora
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-12.fc42                      fedora
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-12.fc42                      fedora
systemd.x86_64                                       257.6-1.fc42                        updates
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  257.6-1.fc42                        updates
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              257.6-1.fc42                        updates
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   257.6-1.fc42                        updates
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              257.6-1.fc42                        updates
systemd-shared.x86_64                                257.6-1.fc42                        updates
systemd-sysusers.x86_64                              257.6-1.fc42                        updates
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  257.6-1.fc42                        updates
taglib.x86_64                                        1.13.1-2.fc42                       fedora
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.35-5.fc42                       fedora
tcl.x86_64                                           1:9.0.0-7.fc42                      fedora
tcl8.x86_64                                          1:8.6.15-10.fc42                    fedora
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.5-3.fc42                    fedora
teamd.x86_64                                         1.32-11.fc42                        fedora
teckit.x86_64                                        2.5.12-4.fc42                       fedora
tecla.x86_64                                         47.0-2.fc42                         fedora
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.5.0-4.fc42                        fedora
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-9.fc42                        fedora
tesseract-libs.x86_64                                5.5.0-4.fc42                        fedora
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-9.fc42                        fedora
tex-preview.noarch                                   13.3-5.fc42                         fedora
texinfo.x86_64                                       7.2-3.fc42                          fedora
texinfo-tex.x86_64                                   7.2-3.fc42                          fedora
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                             11:svn64967-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ae.noarch                                    11:svn15878.1.4-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-algorithmicx.noarch                          11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-algorithms.noarch                            11:svn42428-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-alphalph.noarch                              11:svn53087-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-amscls.noarch                                11:svn55378-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                              11:svn61937-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-amsmath.noarch                               11:svn63514-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-anysize.noarch                               11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-appendix.noarch                              11:svn53718-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                              11:svn53051-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-attachfile.noarch                            11:svn42099-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                           11:svn57959-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-atveryend.noarch                             11:svn53108-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                          11:svn56596-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-auxhook.noarch                               11:svn53173-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-avantgar.noarch                              11:svn61983-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-babel.noarch                                 11:svn65823-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-babel-english.noarch                         11:svn44495-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-babelbib.noarch                              11:svn57349-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-base.x86_64                                  11:20230311-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-beamer.noarch                                11:svn65984-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-bera.noarch                                  11:svn20031.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-beton.noarch                                 11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-biblatex.noarch                              11:svn70725-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                11:svn66186-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-bidi.noarch                                  11:svn65572-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                            11:svn53172-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-bitset.noarch                                11:svn53837-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-bookman.noarch                               11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-bookmark.noarch                              11:svn56885-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-booktabs.noarch                              11:svn53402-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-boondox.noarch                               11:svn54512-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-breakurl.noarch                              11:svn29901.1.40-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-breqn.noarch                                 11:svn60881-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-calculator.noarch                            11:svn64424-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-caption.noarch                               11:svn66580-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-carlisle.noarch                              11:svn59577-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-catchfile.noarch                             11:svn53084-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-changepage.noarch                            11:svn15878.1.0c-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-charter.noarch                               11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                              11:svn47577-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-cite.noarch                                  11:svn36428.5.5-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-cm.noarch                                    11:svn57963-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-cm-super.noarch                              11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-cmap.noarch                                  11:svn57640-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-collectbox.noarch                            11:svn64967-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                      11:svn59159-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                      11:svn63515-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch           11:svn65512-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                         11:svn49086-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-colortbl.noarch                              11:svn64015-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-courier.noarch                               11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-crop.noarch                                  11:svn55424-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-csquotes.noarch                              11:svn64389-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ctable.noarch                                11:svn38672-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                           11:svn38514-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-currfile.noarch                              11:svn64673-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-dehyph.noarch                                11:svn48599-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                              11:svn66203-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                11:svn66203-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                 11:svn66203-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-dvisvgm.x86_64                               11:svn66532-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ec.noarch                                    11:svn25033.1.0-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-enctex.noarch                                11:svn34957.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-enumitem.noarch                              11:svn51423-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-environ.noarch                               11:svn56615-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-epsf.noarch                                  11:svn21461.2.7.4-76.fc42           fedora
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                              11:svn66461-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                          11:svn53546-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-esint.noarch                                 11:svn52240-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-esint-type1.noarch                           11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                               11:svn56658-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-etex.noarch                                  11:svn66203-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                              11:svn41784-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                              11:svn53171-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                              11:svn56554-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-euenc.noarch                                 11:svn19795.0.1h-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-euler.noarch                                 11:svn42428-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-eulervm.noarch                               11:svn15878.4.0-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-everysel.noarch                              11:svn57489-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-everyshi.noarch                              11:svn57001-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-extsizes.noarch                              11:svn17263.1.4a-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-fancybox.noarch                              11:svn18304.1.4-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                              11:svn64977-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-fancyref.noarch                              11:svn15878.0.9c-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                              11:svn65585-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-filecontents.noarch                          11:svn52142-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-filehook.noarch                              11:svn64822-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-filemod.noarch                               11:svn64967-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-finstrut.noarch                              11:svn21719.0.5-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-firstaid.noarch                              11:svn64892-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-fix2col.noarch                               11:svn38770-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-float.noarch                                 11:svn15878.1.3d-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-fontaxes.noarch                              11:svn55920-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-fontspec.noarch                              11:svn63386-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-footmisc.noarch                              11:svn62524-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                         11:svn60374-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-fourier.noarch                               11:svn61937-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-fouriernc.noarch                             11:svn29646.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-fp.noarch                                    11:svn49719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-fpl.noarch                                   11:svn54512-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-framed.noarch                                11:svn26789.0.96-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-geometry.noarch                              11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                        11:svn53170-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-gincltex.noarch                              11:svn64967-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                             11:svn54074-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-graphics.noarch                              11:svn66204-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                          11:svn41448-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          11:svn64487-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-grfext.noarch                                11:svn53024-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-grffile.noarch                               11:svn52756-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               11:svn52851-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-helvetic.noarch                              11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-hobsub.noarch                                11:svn52810-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-hologo.noarch                                11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-hopatch.noarch                               11:svn65491-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-hycolor.noarch                               11:svn53584-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-hypdoc.noarch                                11:svn65678-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-hyperref.noarch                              11:svn65758-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                             11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           11:svn66413-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                              11:svn57387-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                               11:svn47544-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                             11:svn64967-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                            11:svn45533-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-iftex.noarch                                 11:svn61910-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-index.noarch                                 11:svn24099.4.1beta-76.fc42         fedora
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                             11:svn53023-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-intcalc.noarch                               11:svn53168-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                              11:svn19440.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-kastrup.noarch                               11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             11:svn57963-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                           11:svn57963-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-koma-script.noarch                           11:svn64685-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              11:svn66209-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-kpfonts.noarch                               11:svn65583-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                          11:svn53193-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                             11:svn63622-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                             11:svn64632-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-l3backend.noarch                             11:svn65573-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                        11:svn65621-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                              11:svn66094-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-l3packages.noarch                            11:svn65722-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-latex.noarch                                 11:svn65161-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-latex-base-dev.noarch                        11:svn66513-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-latex-bin-dev.noarch                         11:svn66186-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-latex-firstaid-dev.noarch                    11:svn65181-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                           11:svn28888.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-latex-graphics-dev.noarch                    11:svn64899-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-latex-lab.noarch                             11:svn64892-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-latexbug.noarch                              11:svn63596-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                           11:svn53525-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                           11:svn53022-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   11:20230311-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-lineno.noarch                                11:svn65586-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-listings.noarch                              11:svn66222-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-lm.noarch                                    11:svn65956-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-lm-math.noarch                               11:svn36915.1.959-76.fc42           fedora
texlive-logreq.noarch                                11:svn53003-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                              11:svn17533.1.74d-76.fc42           fedora
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                               11:svn56421-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                               11:svn21927.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                        11:svn56414-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-lua-uni-algos.noarch                         11:svn62204-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-luabidi.noarch                               11:svn54512-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                              11:svn66186-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                         11:svn61464-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-lualibs.noarch                               11:svn64615-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                            11:svn64616-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                11:svn66967-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-luatex85.noarch                              11:svn41456-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                            11:svn52663-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-lwarp.noarch                                 11:svn66259-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ly1.noarch                                   11:svn63565-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-makecmds.noarch                              11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                             11:svn62517-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-marginnote.noarch                            11:svn48383-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-marvosym.noarch                              11:svn29349.2.2a-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-mathdesign.noarch                            11:svn31639.2.31-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                              11:svn52663-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-mathspec.noarch                              11:svn42773-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-mathtools.noarch                             11:svn63767-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                              11:svn15878.1.05.4-76.fc42          fedora
texlive-memoir.noarch                                11:svn65040-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-metafont.x86_64                              11:svn66186-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-metalogo.noarch                              11:svn18611.0.12-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                11:svn42428-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                11:svn46036-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                11:svn66186-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-microtype.noarch                             11:svn66587-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-minitoc.noarch                               11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                              11:svn18651.1.4-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-modes.noarch                                 11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-mparhack.noarch                              11:svn59066-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                               11:svn65952-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ms.noarch                                    11:svn57473-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-multido.noarch                               11:svn18302.1.42-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-multirow.noarch                              11:svn58396-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-nag.noarch                                   11:svn24741.0.7-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-natbib.noarch                                11:svn20668.8.31b-76.fc42           fedora
texlive-needspace.noarch                             11:svn29601.1.3d-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-newfloat.noarch                              11:svn52906-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-newpx.noarch                                 11:svn61806-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-newtx.noarch                                 11:svn62369-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-notoccite.noarch                             11:svn18129.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                              11:svn65522-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                              11:svn65521-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pagesel.noarch                               11:svn56105-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-palatino.noarch                              11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-paralist.noarch                              11:svn43021-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-parallel.noarch                              11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-parskip.noarch                               11:svn58358-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pdfcol.noarch                                11:svn64469-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pdfcolfoot.noarch                            11:svn65512-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                              11:svn52912-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pdfcrop.noarch                               11:svn55435-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                             11:svn53082-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                             11:svn64851-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pdfmanagement-testphase.noarch               11:svn66532-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                              11:svn65319-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                11:svn66243-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                            11:svn55777-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pgf.noarch                                   11:svn65553-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-picture.noarch                               11:svn54867-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-placeins.noarch                              11:svn19848.2.2-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-plain.noarch                                 11:svn57963-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                           11:svn65792-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-powerdot.noarch                              11:svn59272-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                11:svn15878.3.04-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-pslatex.noarch                               11:svn57434-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                11:svn54694-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pspicture.noarch                             11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                11:svn17257.1.10-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                              11:svn15878.2.0-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                              11:svn62977-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                               11:svn15878.1.0-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                              11:svn60671-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                              11:svn15878.1.06-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-pst-math.noarch                              11:svn64732-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pst-node.noarch                              11:svn61838-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                               11:svn54963-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pst-pdf.noarch                               11:svn56622-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                              11:svn65346-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                              11:svn24391.1.31-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-pst-text.noarch                              11:svn49542-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                             11:svn60621-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                              11:svn60421-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pstricks.noarch                              11:svn65346-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                          11:svn65067-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                               11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                              11:svn66152-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-rcs.noarch                                   11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-realscripts.noarch                           11:svn56594-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-refcount.noarch                              11:svn53164-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                        11:svn63869-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-rotfloat.noarch                              11:svn18292.1.2-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                  11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-sansmath.noarch                              11:svn17997.1.1-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                        11:svn53628-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                          11:svn54191-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-section.noarch                               11:svn20180.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-seminar.noarch                               11:svn59801-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                11:svn20186.2.0-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-setspace.noarch                              11:svn65206-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-showexpl.noarch                              11:svn57414-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-standalone.noarch                            11:svn64677-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-stringenc.noarch                             11:svn52982-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-subfig.noarch                                11:svn15878.1.3-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                              11:svn64967-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-symbol.noarch                                11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-tex.x86_64                                   11:svn66186-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                              11:svn65956-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         11:svn40533-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                    11:svn54176-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                            11:svn66572-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch              11:svn66593-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       11:svn66584-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-texlive-scripts-extra.noarch                 11:svn62517-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         11:svn66512-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-textcase.noarch                              11:svn63868-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-threeparttable.noarch                        11:svn17383.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                              11:svn62518-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-times.noarch                                 11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-tipa.noarch                                  11:svn29349.1.3-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-titlesec.noarch                              11:svn59845-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-tocbibind.noarch                             11:svn20085.1.5k-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-tools.noarch                                 11:svn64892-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-translator.noarch                            11:svn59412-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-transparent.noarch                           11:svn64852-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                            11:svn15878.1.1-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-type1cm.noarch                               11:svn21820.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-typehtml.noarch                              11:svn17134.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                              11:svn38907-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-ucs.noarch                                   11:svn64114-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-underscore.noarch                            11:svn18261.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          11:svn64423-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                          11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                         11:svn53162-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-upquote.noarch                               11:svn26059.v1.3-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-url.noarch                                   11:svn32528.3.4-76.fc42             fedora
texlive-utopia.noarch                                11:svn15878.0-76.fc42               fedora
texlive-varwidth.noarch                              11:svn24104.0.92-76.fc42            fedora
texlive-wrapfig.noarch                               11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                11:svn63563-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                  11:svn62387-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                 11:svn66203-89.fc42                 fedora
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                           11:svn45845-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-xifthen.noarch                               11:svn38929-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                               11:svn63616-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                               11:svn56594-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-xpatch.noarch                                11:svn54563-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-xstring.noarch                               11:svn65551-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-xunicode.noarch                              11:svn30466.0.981-76.fc42           fedora
texlive-zapfding.noarch                              11:svn61719-76.fc42                 fedora
texlive-zref.noarch                                  11:svn62977-76.fc42                 fedora
thunar-archive-plugin.x86_64                         0.5.3-2.fc42                        fedora
thunar-media-tags-plugin.x86_64                      0.5.0-2.fc42                        fedora
thunar-volman.x86_64                                 4.20.0-2.fc42                       fedora
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.15.0-5.fc42                       updates
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.15.0-5.fc42                       updates
time.x86_64                                          1.9-26.fc42                         fedora
tinysparql.x86_64                                    3.9.2-1.fc42                        updates
tiwilink-firmware.noarch                             20250509-1.fc42                     updates
tk.x86_64                                            1:9.0.0-4.fc42                      fedora
tk8.x86_64                                           1:8.6.15-5.fc42                     fedora
tmux.x86_64                                          3.5a-4.fc42                         fedora
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-12.fc42                      fedora
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.7-3.fc42                          fedora
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      4.1.3-6.fc42                        fedora
tpm2-tss-fapi.x86_64                                 4.1.3-6.fc42                        fedora
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.6-2.fc42                      fedora
transmission.x86_64                                  4.0.6-5.fc42                        fedora
transmission-common.x86_64                           4.0.6-5.fc42                        fedora
transmission-gtk.x86_64                              4.0.6-5.fc42                        fedora
tree.x86_64                                          2.2.1-1.fc42                        fedora
trousers-lib.x86_64                                  0.3.15-13.fc42                      fedora
tslib.x86_64                                         1.23-1.fc42                         fedora
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                      3.0.9-72.fc42                       fedora
tumbler.x86_64                                       4.20.0-2.fc42                       fedora
turbojpeg.x86_64                                     3.1.0-2.fc42                        fedora
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-6.fc42                        fedora
tzdata.noarch                                        2025b-1.fc42                        fedora
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2025b-1.fc42                        fedora
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.8-7.fc42                        fedora
udftools.x86_64                                      2.3-11.fc42                         fedora
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.10.90-2.fc42                      fedora
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.10.90-2.fc42                      fedora
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.22.0-14.fc42                      fedora
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.22.0-14.fc42                      fedora
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   16.0.0-2.fc42                       fedora
unixODBC.x86_64                                      2.3.12-6.fc42                       fedora
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-66.fc42                         fedora
upower.x86_64                                        1.90.9-4.fc42                       updates
upower-libs.x86_64                                   1.90.9-4.fc42                       updates
uriparser.x86_64                                     0.9.8-3.fc42                        fedora
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-24.fc42                    fedora
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.2-2.fc42                        fedora
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-13.fc42                    fedora
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1^20240915git0b1b233-4.fc42     fedora
usbutils.x86_64                                      018-3.fc42                          fedora
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-12.fc42                       fedora
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.15.0-1.fc42                       fedora
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
util-linux-script.x86_64                             2.40.4-7.fc42                       fedora
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.10-3.fc42                         fedora
vamp-rubberband-plugins.x86_64                       4.0.0-3.fc42                        fedora
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              70-7.fc42                           updates
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-9.fc42                       fedora
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.1-5.fc42                        fedora
vim-common.x86_64                                    2:9.1.1418-1.fc42                   updates
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.1.1418-1.fc42                   updates
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                  2:9.1.1418-1.fc42                   updates
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:9.1.1418-1.fc42                   updates
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.1.1418-1.fc42                   updates
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.1.8-1.fc42                        updates
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-22.fc42                       fedora
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-24.fc42                      fedora
vorbis-tools.x86_64                                  1:1.4.2-14.fc42                     fedora
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3^20241114.git11e15a1-2.fc42    updates
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20230907-5.git5b9e7e4c.fc42         fedora
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.80.2-1.fc42                       updates
vte291.x86_64                                        0.80.2-1.fc42                       updates
vulkan-headers.noarch                                1.4.313.0-1.fc42                    updates
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.4.313.0-1.fc42                    updates
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                           1.4.313.0-1.fc42                    updates
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.8.1-1.fc42                        fedora
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-23.fc42                           fedora
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                 2.47.2-3.fc42                       fedora
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.48.3-1.fc42                       updates
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.7-3.fc42                        fedora
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       1.3-5.fc42                          fedora
webrtc-audio-processing0.3.x86_64                    0.3.1-14.fc42                       fedora
weston.x86_64                                        14.0.1-3.fc42                       fedora
weston-libs.x86_64                                   14.0.1-3.fc42                       fedora
wget2.x86_64                                         2.2.0-5.fc42                        updates
wget2-libs.x86_64                                    2.2.0-5.fc42                        updates
wget2-wget.x86_64                                    2.2.0-5.fc42                        updates
which.x86_64                                         2.23-1.fc42                         fedora
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.20-5.fc42                       fedora
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.20-5.fc42                       fedora
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2025.02.20-1.fc42                   updates
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.5.8-1.fc42                        fedora
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.5.8-1.fc42                        fedora
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-22.fc42                       fedora
words.noarch                                         3.0-61.fc42                         fedora
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.11-6.fc42                       updates
wsdd.noarch                                          0.8-3.fc42                          fedora
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                              1.4.26-2.fc42                       fedora
xarchiver.x86_64                                     0.5.4.25-1.fc42                     updates
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.1-7.fc42                        fedora
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.5-3.fc42                        fedora
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.1-7.fc42                        fedora
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.1-7.fc42                        fedora
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.10-7.fc42                       fedora
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.2-7.fc42                        fedora
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.6-2.fc42                        fedora
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.20.3-1.fc42                       updates
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.15.3-1.fc42                       fedora
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-9.fc42                         fedora
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.11-6.fc42                         fedora
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.2.1-3.fc42                        fedora
xdriinfo.x86_64                                      1.0.7-4.fc42                        fedora
xfburn.x86_64                                        0.7.2-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce-polkit.x86_64                                   0.3-15.fc42                         fedora
xfce4-about.x86_64                                   4.20.1-1.fc42                       updates
xfce4-appfinder.x86_64                               4.20.0-2.fc42                       fedora
xfce4-battery-plugin.x86_64                          1.1.6-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-clipman-plugin.x86_64                          1.6.7-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-cpugraph-plugin.x86_64                         1.2.11-2.fc42                       fedora
xfce4-datetime-plugin.x86_64                         0.8.2-8.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-dict.x86_64                                    0.8.8-4.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-dict-plugin.x86_64                             0.8.8-4.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-diskperf-plugin.x86_64                         2.7.1-3.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-fsguard-plugin.x86_64                          1.1.4-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-genmon-plugin.x86_64                           4.2.1-3.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-mailwatch-plugin.x86_64                        1.3.2-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-mount-plugin.x86_64                            1.1.7-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-netload-plugin.x86_64                          1.4.2-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-notifyd.x86_64                                 0.9.7-2.fc42                        updates
xfce4-panel.x86_64                                   4.20.4-1.fc42                       updates
xfce4-panel-profiles.noarch                          1.0.14-7.fc42                       fedora
xfce4-places-plugin.x86_64                           1.8.4-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-power-manager.x86_64                           4.20.0-2.fc42                       fedora
xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin.x86_64                       0.4.9-3.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-screensaver.x86_64                             4.18.4-2.fc42                       fedora
xfce4-screenshooter.x86_64                           1.11.1-3.fc42                       fedora
xfce4-screenshooter-plugin.x86_64                    1.11.1-3.fc42                       fedora
xfce4-session.x86_64                                 4.20.2-1.fc42                       updates
xfce4-settings.x86_64                                4.20.1-1.fc42                       fedora
xfce4-systemload-plugin.x86_64                       1.3.3-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-taskmanager.x86_64                             1.5.8-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-terminal.x86_64                                1.1.5-1.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-time-out-plugin.x86_64                         1.1.4-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-verve-plugin.x86_64                            2.0.4-2.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-weather-plugin.x86_64                          0.11.3-3.fc42                       fedora
xfce4-whiskermenu-plugin.x86_64                      2.9.0-1.fc42                        fedora
xfce4-xkb-plugin.x86_64                              0.8.5-2.fc42                        fedora
xfconf.x86_64                                        4.20.0-2.fc42                       fedora
xfdashboard.x86_64                                   1.0.0-8.fc42                        fedora
xfdashboard-themes.x86_64                            1.0.0-8.fc42                        fedora
xfdesktop.x86_64                                     4.20.1-1.fc42                       fedora
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.12.0-3.fc42                       fedora
xfwm4.x86_64                                         4.20.0-2.fc42                       fedora
xfwm4-themes.noarch                                  4.10.0-25.fc42                      fedora
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.9-9.fc42                        fedora
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   2-6.fc42                            fedora
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.7-3.fc42                        fedora
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.44-1.fc42                         fedora
xl2tpd.x86_64                                        1.3.17-7.fc42                       updates
xlockmore.x86_64                                     5.77-2.fc41                         fedora
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-66.fc42                       fedora
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.60.04-3.fc42                      fedora
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.60.04-3.fc42                      fedora
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1:1.2.41-2.fc42                     fedora
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1:1.2.41-2.fc42                     fedora
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1:1.2.41-2.fc42                     fedora
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-8.fc42                       fedora
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                           23.0.0-7.fc42                       fedora
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              22.0.0-4.fc42                       fedora
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.11.0-2.fc42                       fedora
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917^20240506gitce811e7-63.fc42 fedora
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.5.0-2.fc42                        fedora
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.17-12.fc42                    fedora
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                       0.6.604^20230328git857d892-2.fc42   fedora
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.6-7.fc42                        fedora
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.4.0-8.fc42                       fedora
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            1.2.3-2.fc42                        fedora
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             1.2.3-2.fc42                        fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-40.fc42                         fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                          7.5-40.fc42                         fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                           7.5-40.fc42                         fedora
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2024.1-4.fc42                       fedora
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          21.1.16-1.fc42                      fedora
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      24.1.6-1.fc42                       fedora
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        21.1.16-1.fc42                      fedora
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.3-3.fc42                      fedora
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.3-2.fc42                        fedora
xpdf-libs.x86_64                                     1:4.05-6.fc42                       fedora
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.8-3.fc42                        fedora
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.2-5.fc42                        fedora
xset.x86_64                                          1.2.5-7.fc42                        fedora
xterm.x86_64                                         397-1.fc42                          fedora
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-13.fc42                       fedora
xwininfo.x86_64                                      1.1.6-2.fc42                        fedora
xxd.x86_64                                           2:9.1.1418-1.fc42                   updates
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.3-2.fc42                        fedora
xz.x86_64                                            1:5.8.1-2.fc42                      updates
xz-devel.x86_64                                      1:5.8.1-2.fc42                      updates
xz-libs.x86_64                                       1:5.8.1-2.fc42                      updates
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-25.fc42                       fedora
yelp.x86_64                                          2:42.2-9.fc42                       updates
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:42.2-9.fc42                       updates
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.1-7.fc42                         updates
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.5.1-2.fc42                        fedora
zd1211-firmware.noarch                               1.5-18.fc42                         fedora
zenity.x86_64                                        4.1.90-1.fc42                       fedora
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.5-21.fc42                       fedora
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.5-3.fc41                        fedora
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-43.fc42                         fedora
zix.x86_64                                           0.6.2-1.fc42                        fedora
zlib-ng-compat.x86_64                                2.2.4-3.fc42                        fedora
zlib-ng-compat-devel.x86_64                          2.2.4-3.fc42                        fedora
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.2.1-2.fc42                        fedora
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.2.1-2.fc42                        fedora
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.43-2.fc42                       fedora
zxcvbn-c.x86_64                                      2.5-5.fc42                          fedora
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     2.2.1-3.fc42                        fedora
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.78-1.fc42                      fedora
